Difference of "text_files" between "1.14.0.4" (beta of "1.14.0") and "1.14.0.6" (beta of "1.14.0").
Unable to create data files for 1 file between: "1.14.0.5"

Changed file "realms_terms_sony_en_US.txt":
	Total line: 1 (+1, -1)
	      '''
	  1 + Realms Plus is a subscription for content and Realms personal server to be used with supported versions of Minecraft (game sold separately) on your "PlayStation:nbsp:4" system and other supported platforms on which you own the game (Minecraft Java Edition not supported); an active subscription is required to use Realms Plus content. Content varies over time and may not be available in all countries. "PlayStation:nbsp:Plus" is required to play on your "PlayStation:nbsp:4" system (sold separately). If your subscription terminates or a content item is removed from the catalog, you must reactivate your subscription or buy the content separately to continue using it. If your subscription is inactive for more than 18 months, your Realms data will be deleted from the server. ISP fees may apply. Realms Plus discounts cannot be combined with other offers and are not redeemable for cash; Requirements, features, online services, or subscription subject to change and/or retirement. Subject to the Microsoft Services Agreement (microsoft.com/msa) and Realms End User License Agreement (https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/realms/terms/).
	1   - Realms Plus is a subscription for content and Realms personal server to be used with supported versions of Minecraft (game sold separately) on "Playstation:nbsp:4" and other supported platforms on which you own the game (Minecraft Java Edition not supported); an active subscription is required to use Realms Plus content. Content varies over time and may not be available in all countries. "Playstation:nbsp:Plus" subscription is required to play on "Playstation:nbsp:4" (sold separately). If your subscription terminates or a content item is removed from the catalog, you must reactivate your subscription or buy the content separately to continue using it. If your subscription is inactive for more than 18 months, your Realms data will be deleted from the server. ISP fees may apply. Realms Plus discounts cannot be combined with other offers and are not redeemable for cash; Requirements, features, online services, or subscription subject to change and/or retirement. Subject to the Microsoft Services Agreement (microsoft.com/msa) and Realms End User License Agreement (https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/realms/terms/).
	      '''