Addition of "crafting_descriptions" at "a0.3.0-1".

pack "core":
	key "desc.apple": "Restores health, and can be crafted into a golden apple."
	key "desc.arrow": "Used as ammunition for bows."
	key "desc.bed": "Used to forward time from any time at night to morning if all the players in the world are in bed, and changes the spawn point of the player.
The colors of the bed are always the same, regardless of the colors of wool used."
	key "desc.bedrock": "This cannot be broken."
	key "desc.block": "Allows ingots, gems, or dyes to be crafted into placeable blocks. Can be used as an expensive building block or compact storage of the ore."
	key "desc.boat": "Used to travel in water more quickly than swimming."
	key "desc.bone": "Collected by killing a skeleton. Can be crafted into bone meal."
	key "desc.book": "Used to create a bookshelf."
	key "desc.bookshelf": "Used as decoration."
	key "desc.boots": "Gives the user 1.5 Armor when worn."
	key "desc.bow": "Allows for ranged attacks by using arrows."
	key "desc.bowl": "Used to hold mushroom stew. You keep the bowl when the stew has been eaten."
	key "desc.bread": "Restores 2.5 Hearts."
	key "desc.brick": "Baked from clay in a furnace."
	key "desc.bucket": "Used to hold and transport water, lava and milk."
	key "desc.button": "Used to send an electrical charge by being pressed. Stays activated for approximately a second before shutting off again."
	key "desc.cactus": "Can be crafted to create a dye."
	key "desc.cake": "Restores 1.5 Hearts. Can be used 6 times."
	key "desc.chest": "Stores blocks and items inside. Place two chests side by side to create a larger chest with double the capacity."
	key "desc.chestplate": "Gives the user 4 Armor when worn."
	key "desc.clay": "Can be baked into bricks in a furnace."
	key "desc.clock": "Displays positions of the Sun and Moon."
	key "desc.coal": "Used as a fuel in a furnace, or crafted to make a torch."
	key "desc.compass": "Points to your start point."
	key "desc.cookie": "Restores 0.5 Hearts. Can be stacked up to 8 times."
	key "desc.craftingtable": "Allows you to craft a more varied selection of items than the normal crafting."
	key "desc.crops": "When fully grown, crops can be harvested to collect wheat."
	key "desc.detectorrail": "Functions like a Pressure Plate (sends a Redstone signal when powered) but can only be activated by a minecart."
	key "desc.diamonds": "Use these to create very strong tools, weapons or armor"
	key "desc.dirt": "Collected using a shovel. Can be used for construction."
	key "desc.dispenser": "Used to hold and shoot out items in a random order when given a Redstone charge."
	key "desc.dooriron": "Iron doors can only be opened by Redstone, buttons or switches."
	key "desc.doorwood": "Wooden doors are activated by using, hitting them or with Redstone."
	key "desc.dyepowder.black": "Used as a dye to create black wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.blue": "Used as dye to create Blue Wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.brown": "Used as a dye to create brown wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.cyan": "Used as a dye to create cyan wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.gray": "Used as a dye to create gray wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.green": "Used as a dye to create green wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.lightblue": "Used as a dye to create light blue wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.lightgray": "Used as a dye to create light gray wool.
(Note: light gray dye can also be made by combining gray dye with bone meal, letting you make four light gray dyes from every ink sac instead of three.)"
	key "desc.dyepowder.lime": "Used as a dye to create lime wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.magenta": "Used as a dye to create magenta wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.orange": "Used as a dye to create orange wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.pink": "Used as a dye to create pink wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.purple": "Used as a dye to create purple wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.red": "Used as a dye to create red wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.silver": "Used as a dye to create silver wool."
	key "desc.dyepowder.white": "Used to instantly grow crops, trees, tall grass, huge mushrooms and flowers, and can be used in dye recipes."
	key "desc.dyepowder.yellow": "Used as a dye to create yellow wool."
	key "desc.egg": "Dropped randomly by chickens, and can be crafted into food items."
	key "desc.farmland": "Ground that has been prepared ready to plant seeds."
	key "desc.feather": "Collected by killing a chicken, and can be crafted into an arrow."
	key "desc.fence": "Used as a barrier that cannot be jumped over."
	key "desc.fish_cooked": "Created by cooking a raw fish in a furnace. Can be eaten to restore health."
	key "desc.fish_raw": "Can be eaten to restore health, or cooked in a furnace."
	key "desc.fishingrod": "Used to catch fish."
	key "desc.flint": "Collected by digging gravel, and can be used to craft a flint and steel."
	key "desc.flintandsteel": "Used to create fire and open a portal once it has been built."
	key "desc.flower": "Can be crafted into a dye."
	key "desc.furnace": "Allows you to smelt ore, create charcoal and glass, and cook fish and porkchops."
	key "desc.glass": "Created in a furnace by smelting sand. Can be used for construction, but will break if you try to mine it."
	key "desc.glowstone": "Used to create brighter light than torches. Melts snow/ice and can be used underwater."
	key "desc.goldenapple": "Restores 10 Hearts."
	key "desc.gravel": "Collected using a shovel. Sometimes produces flint when dug up. Is affected by gravity if there is no other tile underneath it."
	key "desc.halfslab": "Used for compact staircases."
	key "desc.hatchet": "Used to chop wood-related blocks faster than by hand."
	key "desc.hell_rock": "Burns forever if set alight."
	key "desc.hell_sand": "Slows the movement of anything walking over it."
	key "desc.helmet": "Gives the user 1.5 Armor when worn."
	key "desc.hoe": "Used to till dirt and grass blocks to prepare for crops."
	key "desc.ingot": "A shiny ingot which can be used to craft tools made from this material. Created by smelting ore in a furnace."
	key "desc.jackolantern": "Used to create brighter light than torches. Melts snow/ice and can be used underwater."
	key "desc.jukebox": "Plays Music Discs."
	key "desc.ladder": "Used to climb vertically."
	key "desc.lava": "Sets fire to anything that touches it. Can be collected in a bucket."
	key "desc.leather": "Collected by killing a cow, and can be crafted into armor."
	key "desc.leaves": "When broken sometimes drops a sapling which can then be replanted to grow into a tree."
	key "desc.leggings": "Gives the user 3 Armor when worn."
	key "desc.lever": "Used to send an electrical charge by being turned on or off. Stays in the on or off state until pressed again."
	key "desc.log": "Chopped using an axe, and can be crafted into planks or used as a fuel."
	key "desc.map": "Will create an image of an area explored while held. This can be used for path-finding."
	key "desc.minecart": "Used to transport you, an animal, or a monster along rails."
	key "desc.minecartwithchest": "Used to transport goods along rails."
	key "desc.minecartwithfurnace": "Will move along rails and can push other minecarts when coal is put in it."
	key "desc.mob_spawner": "Spawns monsters into the world."
	key "desc.moss_stone": "Can be used for construction and decoration."
	key "desc.mushroom": "Can be crafted with a bowl to make stew."
	key "desc.mushroomstew": "Restores 5 hearts."
	key "desc.noteblock": "Plays a note when triggered. Hit it to change the pitch of the note. Placing this on top of different blocks will change the type of instrument."
	key "desc.obsidian": "Can only be mined with a diamond pickaxe. Is produced by the meeting of water and still lava, and is used to build a portal."
	key "desc.ore_coal": "Can be mined with a pickaxe to collect coal."
	key "desc.ore_diamond": "Can be mined with an iron pickaxe or better to collect diamonds."
	key "desc.ore_gold": "Can be mined with an iron pickaxe or better, then smelted in a furnace to produce gold ingots."
	key "desc.ore_iron": "Can be mined with a stone pickaxe or better, then smelted in a furnace to produce iron ingots."
	key "desc.ore_lapis": "Can be mined with a stone pickaxe or better to collect lapis lazuli."
	key "desc.ore_redstone": "Can be mined with an iron pickaxe or better to collect redstone dust."
	key "desc.paper": "Used to create books and maps."
	key "desc.pickaxe": "Required to mine stone-related blocks and ore."
	key "desc.picture": "Used as decoration."
	key "desc.porkchop_cooked": "Created by cooking a porkchop in a furnace. Restores health."
	key "desc.porkchop_raw": "Collected by killing a pig, and can be cooked in a furnace. Restores health."
	key "desc.portal": "Standing in the portal allows you to pass between the overworld and the nether."
	key "desc.poweredrail": "When powered, accelerates minecarts that pass over it. When unpowered, causes minecarts to stop on it."
	key "desc.pressureplate": "Used to send an electrical charge when stepped on by a player, an animal, or a monster. Wooden Pressure Plates can also be activated by dropping something on them."
	key "desc.pumpkin": "Can be worn as a helmet or crafted with a torch to create a Jack-O-Lantern."
	key "desc.rail": "Used to guide minecarts."
	key "desc.record": "Collected by getting a skeleton to kill a creeper. Can be played in a jukebox."
	key "desc.redstone_dust": "Is placed on the ground to carry an electrical charge."
	key "desc.redstonerepeater": "Used in Redstone circuits as repeater, a delayer, and/or a diode"
	key "desc.redstonetorch": "Constantly sends an electrical charge, or can be used as a receiver/transmitter when connected to the side of a block.
Can also be used for low-level lighting."
	key "desc.reeds": "Can be crafted to create sugar."
	key "desc.saddle": "When used on a pig it allows you to ride the pig."
	key "desc.sand": "Collected using a shovel. Can be smelted into glass using the furnace. Is affected by gravity if there is no other tile underneath it."
	key "desc.sandstone": "Used as a building material. Is not influenced by gravity like normal Sand."
	key "desc.sapling": "Can be planted and it will eventually grow into a tree."
	key "desc.seeds": "Can be planted in farmland to grow crops."
	key "desc.shovel": "Used to dig dirt, grass, sand, gravel and snow faster than by hand."
	key "desc.sign": "Shows text entered by you or other players."
	key "desc.slab": "Used for making long staircases."
	key "desc.slimeball": "Collected by killing a slime."
	key "desc.snow": "A compact way to store snowballs."
	key "desc.snowball": "Collected by digging snow, and can be thrown."
	key "desc.stairs": "Used for compact staircases."
	key "desc.stick": "Used to craft torches, arrows, signs, ladders, fences and as handles for tools and weapons."
	key "desc.stone": "Can be mined with a pickaxe to collect cobblestone."
	key "desc.stone_brick": "Mined from stone using a pickaxe. Can be used to construct a furnace or stone tools."
	key "desc.string": "Collected by killing a spider, and can be crafted into a bow."
	key "desc.structblock": "Used as a building material."
	key "desc.sugar": "Used in the cake recipe."
	key "desc.sulphur": "Collected by killing a creeper, and can be crafted into TNT."
	key "desc.sword": "Deals more damage than by hand."
	key "desc.tall_grass": "Sometimes produces seeds when broken."
	key "desc.tnt": "Used to cause explosions. Activated after placing by hitting, or with an electrical charge."
	key "desc.top_snow": "Can be dug with a shovel to create snowballs."
	key "desc.torch": "Used to create light. Torches also melt snow and ice."
	key "desc.trapdoor": "Activated by using, hitting them or with redstone. They function as normal doors, but are a one by one block and lay flat on the ground."
	key "desc.water": "Extinguishes fire and helps crops grow. Can be collected in a bucket."
	key "desc.wheat": "Harvested from crops, and can be used to craft food items."
	key "desc.wood": "Used as a building material and can be crafted into many things. Can be crafted from any form of wood."
	key "desc.wool": "Collected from sheep, and can be colored with dyes."
	key "desc.woolstring": "Used as a building material and can be colored with dyes. Can be easily obtained from Sheep."
	key "desc.yellow_dust": "Collected by mining Glowstone, and can be crafted to make Glowstone blocks again."