Difference of "language" between "1.16.210.59" (beta of "1.16.210") and "1.16.210.60" (beta of "1.16.210").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 8527 (+3, -2)
	Removed key "options.dev_show_tcui_replacement" of field "value": "Show TCUI replacement".
	Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.four" of field "value": "Tier 4 - TBD".
	Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.three" of field "value": "Tier 3 - TBD".
	Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.two" of field "value": "Tier 2 - KitKat".
	Removed key "options.dev_toggle_default_font_overrides" of field "value": "Enable Default Font Overrides".
	Changed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.dx10":
		Changed field "value" from "Our ability to support this graphics device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. " to "Our ability to support this graphics device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until our next major release, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Changed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.gearvr_win10":
		Changed field "value" from "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). However you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. " to "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until our next major release, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). However you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
Changed resource pack "experimental":
	Total key: 40 (+0, -3)
	Removed key "item.glow_frame.name" of field "value": "Glow Item Frame".
	Removed key "item.glow_ink_sac.name" of field "value": "Glow Ink Sac".
	Removed key "item.spawn_egg.entity.glow_squid.name" of field "value": "Spawn Glow Squid".