Difference of "language" between "1.16.1" and "1.16.10".
Unable to create data files for 2 files between: "1.16.1.03", "1.16.1.04"

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 8297 (+26, -0)
	Added key "options.dev_sunset_overrides" of field "value": "Enable sunset overrides".
	Added key "options.dev_sunset_status" of field "value": "Treat device as fully sunset".
	Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier" of field "value": "Sunsetting Tier".
	Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.not_pending" of field "value": "Not Pending".
	Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.one" of field "value": "Tier 1".
	Added key "options.viewSubscriptions.deviceSunset" of field "value": "Your version cannot access Realms ".
	Added key "options.viewSubscriptions.deviceSunsetting" of field "value": "Your version may soon not access Realms ".
	Added key "playscreen.realmsWarning.moreinfo" of field "value": "More info".
	Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.friendsTab" of field "value": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
	Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.friendsTab.pending" of field "value": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
	Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.serverTab" of field "value": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
	Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.serverTab.pending" of field "value": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
	Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.worldTab" of field "value": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
	Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.worldTab.pending" of field "value": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.dontshow" of field "value": "Don't show this again".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo" of field "value": "More Info".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo.gearVR" of field "value": "For more information, please visit https://aka.ms/MinecraftSunsetting in any web browser.".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.dx10" of field "value": "Our ability to support this graphics device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.gearvr_win10" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). However you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.ios_android" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.dx10" of field "value": "This graphics device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.gearvr_win10" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available.  However, you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.ios_android" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.title" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported.".
	Added key "sunsetting.store.incompatible" of field "value": "Incompatible".
	Added key "sunsetting.store.incompatiblePopup" of field "value": "This content is not compatible with your device. Check https://aka.ms/MinecraftSunsetting".