Difference of "language" between "1.21.30.23" (beta of "1.21.30") and "1.21.30.24" (beta of "1.21.30").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 14258 (+11, -22)
	Changed key "dr.classic_skins.custom_skin_description_disabled":
		Changed field "value" from " Your device cannot select a custom skin while in a multiplayer game. Please return to the main menu to equip one." to "Your device cannot select a custom skin while in a multiplayer game. Please return to the main menu to equip one.".
	Changed key "hbui.CreateNewWorldSideMenu.createOnRealm":
		Changed field "value" from "Create on Realms Server" to "Create on Realms".
	Changed key "hbui.CreateNewWorldSideMenu.playOnRealm":
		Changed field "value" from "Play on Realms Server" to "Play on Realm".
	Removed key "hbui.CreateNewWorldSideMenu.playOnRealmSecondVariant" of field "value": "Play on Realm".
	Added key "hbui.FriendList.you" of field "value": "You".
	Changed key "hbui.InboxRoute.emptyMessageText":
		Changed field "value" from "This is where you’ll receive news and other updates about Minecraft. Check back soon for new messages." to "Check back soon for new messages.".
	Added key "hbui.InboxRoute.emptyNewsText" of field "value": "This is where you’ll receive news and other updates about Minecraft. Check back soon for new messages.".
	Added key "hbui.InboxRoute.emptyNewsTitle" of field "value": "No new messages".
	Removed key "hbui.InboxRoute.notification" of field "value": "Notification".
	Changed key "hbui.PlayScreen.realmsTab.buttonHeader.joinRealm":
		Changed field "value" from "Join a Realms server" to "Join a Realms".
	Added key "hbui.ScreenshotDetailsRoute.pageNarration" of field "value": "Screenshot page %1$s of %2$s".
	Changed key "hbui.StartFromTemplateRoute.OwnedByMe.Filters.marketplace":
		Changed field "value" from "Marketplace (%1$s)" to "Purchased from the Marketplace (%1$s)".
	Changed key "hbui.StartFromTemplateRoute.OwnedByMe.Filters.nameAZ":
		Changed field "value" from "Name A-Z" to "Name (A-Z)".
	Changed key "hbui.StartFromTemplateRoute.OwnedByMe.Filters.nameZA":
		Changed field "value" from "Name Z-A" to "Name (Z-A)".
	Changed key "hbui.StartFromTemplateRoute.getMoreButton.body":
		Changed field "value" from "Find thousands of templates on Marketplace." to "Find hundreds of additional templates in the Marketplace".
	Removed key "hbui.StartFromTemplateRoute.getMoreButton.body.notSubscribed" of field "value": "Get hundreds of templates with Marketplace Pass.".
	Changed key "hbui.StartFromTemplateRoute.getMoreButton.title":
		Changed field "value" from "Want more?" to "Discover new templates".
	Changed key "howtoplay.minecoins.text.3":
		Changed field "value" from "*Minecoins require a version of Minecraft: Bedrock Edition with Minecraft Marketplace. Minecoins are not compatible on PlayStation®. For compatibility information see minecraft.net/minecoins  " to "*Minecoins require a version of Minecraft: Bedrock Edition with Minecraft Marketplace. Minecoins are not compatible on PlayStation®. For compatibility information see minecraft.net/minecoins".
	Changed key "options.dev_allowlist_failure":
		Changed field "value" from "Error!  Operation has failed, double check to make sure this account is on the Allow List." to "Error! Operation has failed, double check to make sure this account is on the Allow List.".
	Removed key "options.dev_realms_stories" of field "value": "Enable Realms Stories".
	Changed key "options.dev_reset_entitlements_error_unfinished":
		Changed field "value" from "Warning, not all entitlements were properly deleted.  Try running the command again, possibly after restarting the client." to "Warning, not all entitlements were properly deleted. Try running the command again, possibly after restarting the client.".
	Changed key "options.dev_reset_entitlements_loading":
		Changed field "value" from "Resetting Entitlements, this dialog will close once the process finishes.  You can close this window, but closing the game before this command finishes may result in unexpected behavior." to "Resetting Entitlements, this dialog will close once the process finishes. You can close this window, but closing the game before this command finishes may result in unexpected behavior.".
	Changed key "options.dev_reset_entitlements_warning":
		Changed field "value" from "Warning! This will delete all of your entitlements, including legacy entitlements that you may not be able to get back! This operation may take a while if you have a large number of entitlements.  Are you sure you want to continue?" to "Warning! This will delete all of your entitlements, including legacy entitlements that you may not be able to get back! This operation may take a while if you have a large number of entitlements. Are you sure you want to continue?".
	Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.six" of field "value": "Tier 6 - iOS 13, Android 8, VR devices".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo.gearVR" of field "value": "For more information, please visit https://aka.ms/MinecraftSunsetting in any web browser.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo.gearVR.geo" of field "value": "For more information, please visit https://aka.ms/MinecraftGeoSunsetting in any web browser.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.android" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until Feb. of 2024, when you will receive your final update for this device.%sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins), however you will no longer be able to make new purchases on this device. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. To cancel your realm subscription, you will need to do so in your subscriptions in Google Play, you can access Google Play on any supported device or from PC where you are able to login to your account  You will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.device" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until March of 2025, when you will receive your final update that will work with this device.%sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins), however you will no longer be able to make new purchases on this device. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months from March of 2025 unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. To cancel your realm subscription, you will need to do so in the Settings menu for Subscriptions on the device the Realm was created from. You will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.%sClick on the button for more information.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.dx10" of field "value": "Our ability to support this graphics device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until our next major release, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.gearvr_win10" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until our next major release, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). However you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.geo" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end in your area. After you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months. On Sept. 30th, 2023 you will no longer have access to the realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this.%sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.geo.amazon":
		field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end in your area. After you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months. On Sept. 30th, 2023 you will no longer have access to the realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.  "
		field "comment": "disable_3rd_party_console_resource_pack_check"
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.geo.android":
		field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end in your area. With this final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months. On Sept. 30th, 2023 you will no longer have access to the realms from this device. It is recommended you download your world prior to this and cancel your subscription by viewing your subscriptions in Google Play. %sYou will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on your other platforms where you play Minecraft. You can start a new subscription from these other platforms where you play Minecraft. %sIf you would like to move your worlds from this device to another, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.  "
		field "comment": "disable_3rd_party_console_resource_pack_check"
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.geo.generic" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end in your area. After you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months. On Sept. 30th, 2023 you will no longer have access to the realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.geo.ios":
		field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end in your area. After you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months. On Sept. 30th, 2023 you will no longer have access to the realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this and cancel your subscription by viewing your Subscriptions settings on your device. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.  "
		field "comment": "disable_3rd_party_console_resource_pack_check"
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.ios" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until Feb. of 2024, when you will receive your final update for this device.%sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins), however you will no longer be able to make new purchases on this device. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. To cancel your realm subscription, you will need to do so in the Settings menu for Subscriptions on the device the Realm was created from. You will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.ios_android" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until Nov. of 2022, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.windows_xr" of field "value": "Our ability to support this VR/MR graphic device has come to an end. This device will no longer be supported in updates after March of 2025, when you will receive your final update supporting this device.%sAfter you receive the final update, you will still receive updates on your PC and be able to play without a VR/MR device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available on a non-VR/MR graphics devices such as a computer monitor. You will no longer be able to use your VR/MR device with Minecraft as it will no longer be supported in the latest updates.%sClick on the button for more information.".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.device" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end. You will no longer receive updates as of March of 2025, until you update your device. This is your final update compatible with this device.%sYou will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months from March of 2025 unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. To cancel your realm subscription, you will need to do so in the Settings menu for Subscriptions on the device the Realm was created from. You will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.%sClick on the button for more information.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.dx10" of field "value": "This graphics device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.gearvr_win10" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. However, you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.geo" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end in your area. You will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work until Sept. 30th, 2023. Afterwards you will no longer have access to the Realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this.%sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.geo.amazon":
		field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end in your area. You will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work until Sept. 30th, 2023. Afterwards you will no longer have access to the Realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.  "
		field "comment": "disable_3rd_party_console_resource_pack_check"
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.geo.android":
		field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end in your area. You will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work until Sept. 30th, 2023. Afterwards you will no longer have access to the Realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.  "
		field "comment": "disable_3rd_party_console_resource_pack_check"
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.geo.generic" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end in your area. You will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work until Sept. 30th, 2023. Afterwards you will no longer have access to the Realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.geo.ios":
		field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end in your area. You will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work until Sept. 30th, 2023. Afterwards you will no longer have access to the Realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this. %sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft/Xbox Live account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.  "
		field "comment": "disable_3rd_party_console_resource_pack_check"
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.ios_android" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience - we deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and hope to see you again on an updated device. ".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.windows_xr" of field "value": "Our ability to support this VR/MR graphic device has come to an end. This VR/MR device is no longer supported. You have received the final update supporting this graphics device, and you will still receive updates on your PC and be able to play without a VR/MR device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available on a non-VR/MR graphics devices such as a computer monitor. You will no longer be able to use your VR/MR device with Minecraft as it will no longer be supported in the latest updates.%sClick on the button for more information. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support.".
Changed resource pack "extra":
	Total key: 31 (+4, -0)
	Changed key "store.csb.terms":
		Changed field "value" from "Marketplace Pass is a subscription for content to be used with supported versions of Minecraft (game sold separately) on Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X and other supported platforms on which you own the game (Minecraft Java, Android Kindle Fire, and Xbox 360 Editions not supported); an active subscription is required to use Marketplace Pass content. Content varies over time and may not be available in all countries. After the free trial period, subscription continues to be charged at the then-current regular price (subject to change) plus applicable taxes unless cancelled. You can cancel your subscription by accessing Services & subscriptions in your Microsoft Account. If you play Minecraft through Game Pass, Marketplace Pass is a separate subscription. You will need to purchase and cancel each subscription separately. We may occasionally provide content that remains available to you even after the end of your subscription, in which case we reserve the right to take down such content if it becomes incompatible or if our rights to the content expire. If your subscription terminates or a content item is removed from the catalog, you must reactivate your subscription or buy the content separately to continue using it. ISP fees may apply. Subscription subject to change and/or retirement. Subject to the Microsoft Services Agreement (www.microsoft.com/msa) and the Minecraft EULA (https://www.minecraft.net/eula). Any translations of these terms are done for your convenience only, and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of these terms shall govern. " to "Marketplace Pass is a subscription for content to be used with supported versions of Minecraft (game sold separately) on Android and other supported platforms on which you own the game (Minecraft Java & Amazon Kindle Fire Editions not supported); an active subscription is required to use Marketplace Pass content. Content varies over time and may not be available in all countries. After the free trial period, subscription continues to be charged at the then-current regular price (subject to change) plus applicable taxes unless cancelled. You can cancel your subscription by accessing your Google Play Account settings. We may occasionally provide content that remains available to you even after the end of your subscription, in which case we reserve the right to take down such content if it becomes incompatible or if our rights to the content expire. If your subscription terminates or a content item is removed from the catalog, you must reactivate your subscription or buy the content separately to continue using it. ISP fees may apply. Subscription subject to change and/or retirement. Subject to the Microsoft Services Agreement (www.microsoft.com/msa) and the Minecraft EULA (https://www.minecraft.net/eula). Any translations of these terms are done for your convenience only, and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of these terms shall govern. ".
		Changed field "comment" from "# {StrContains="Marketplace Pass"}, CertRequirement: [Xbox One], CertRequirement: [Xbox Series S/X], CertRequirement: [Android Kindle Fire], CertRequirement: [Xbox 360 Edition], CertRequirement: [Xbox 360 Edition]" to "# {StrContains="Marketplace Pass"}".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.device" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until March of 2025, when you will receive your final update for this device.%sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed with this device will continue to work for 6 months unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device.%sTo cancel your realm subscription, you will need to do so in your subscriptions in Google Play. You can access Google Play on any supported device or from a PC where you are able to login to your account.%sYou will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.geo" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end in your area. With this final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work for 6 months. On Sept. 30th, 2023 you will no longer have access to the realms from this device. It is recommended you download your world prior to this and cancel your subscription by viewing your subscriptions in Google Play.%sYou will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.%sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on your other platforms where you play Minecraft. You can start a new subscription from these other platforms where you play Minecraft.%sIf you would like to move your worlds from this device to another, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.device" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end. You will no longer receive updates as of March of 2025, and this is your final update for this device.%sYou will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed with this device will continue to work for 6 months from March of 2025 unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device.%sTo cancel your realm subscription, you will need to do so in your subscriptions in Google Play. You can access Google Play on any supported device or from a PC where you are able to login to your account.%sYou will no longer receive the latest updates and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".
	Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.geo" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device has come to an end in your area. You will still be able to play on your worlds, and access your Marketplace purchases, but you will no longer be able to make purchases in the Marketplace. Realms managed from this device will continue to work until Sept. 30th, 2023. Afterwards you will no longer have access to the Realm. It is recommended you download your world prior to this.%sIf you have signed in with a Microsoft account, your Marketplace purchases & Minecoins and your Realms subscription will be available on other platforms. If you would like to move your worlds from this device to another device, you can do so by uploading the world to a Realm, and downloading a backup onto your new device.%sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your world to a new device.".