Difference of "language" between "1.6.0.5" (beta of "1.6.0") and "1.6.0.6" (beta of "1.6.0").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 6290 (+6, -0)
	Added key "authentication.exitingGame" of field "value": "Goodbye, come back soon.".
	Moved key "authentication.trialWecome" to "authentication.trialWelcome".
	Added key "options.dev_realmsPermissionsEnabledButton" of field "value": "Show realms permissions".
	Changed key "permissions.title.settings":
		Changed field "value" from "Trust Player Permissions" to "Default Player Permission".
	Added key "realmsInvitationScreen.playerFilterTitle" of field "value": "Filter players".
	Added key "realmsSharingScreen.blockedInviteMessage" of field "value": "You will need the Realm owner's permission to join this Realm.".
	Added key "realmsSharingScreen.blockedInviteTitle" of field "value": "Permission required".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.achievements.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Achievements and Gamerscore mark your progress through Minecraft and show your Xbox Live friends your accomplishments. Get the full game to start earning them!" to "In addition to the full Minecraft experience with Creative mode, Multiplayer, and more, you’ll earn Achievements. Achievements and Gamerscore mark your Minecraft progress and show your Xbox Live friends your accomplishments. Get the full game to start earning them!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.addon.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Want wolves to act like bunnies? Add a behavior pack to your world to change behaviors in-game. Want to make all trees look like cotton candy? Easily change them with new texture packs." to "Want wolves to act like bunnies? Add a behavior pack to your world to change behaviors in-game. Want to make all trees look like cotton candy? Unlock the full Minecraft experience to get Creative mode, Achievements and more, plus easily change your game experience with add-ons.".
	Added key "trial.tabbed_upsell.buttonAlternate" of field "value": "Unlock Minecraft Full Game".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.creative.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Play and create with the entire inventory for unlimited fun! Fly around your world, make your dream home with glazed terracotta, blow up a mountain with unlimited TNT and so much more!" to "Unlock the full Minecraft experience to try Creative mode. Play and create with the entire inventory for unlimited fun! Fly around your world, make your dream home with glazed terracotta, blow up a mountain with unlimited TNT and so much more! Unlock today.".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.minecraft.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Endlessly explore randomly generated worlds and build amazing things from the simplest of homes to the grandest of castles. Play in creative mode with unlimited resources or mine deep into the world in survival mode, crafting weapons and armor to fend off the dangerous mobs." to "Endlessly explore randomly generated worlds and build amazing things from the simplest of homes to the grandest of castles. Play in creative mode with unlimited resources or mine deep into the world in survival mode, crafting weapons and armor to fend off the dangerous mobs. Plus, play with friends online! Unlock the full game today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.minecraft.title":
		Changed field "value" from "MINECRAFT FULL GAME " to "MINECRAFT ".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.seeds.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Discover new biomes in every new world! Survive on the ice plains, ascend extreme hills, or trek across a sandy desert. Start with unique world templates or explore random new worlds." to "Unlock the full Minecraft experience complete with Creative mode, Achievements, and more. Plus get access to Seeds where you can discover new biomes! Survive on the ice plains, ascend extreme hills, or trek across a sandy desert. Start with unique world templates or explore random new worlds today.".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.server.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Servers offer some of the most creative ways to play Minecraft! Play minigames with the Minecraft community and maybe make some new friends." to "In addition to the full Minecraft experience complete with Creative mode, Multiplayer, and more, you can access Servers. Servers offer even more creative ways to play Minecraft! Play minigames with the Minecraft community and meet 1000s of new friends. Get the full game today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.store.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Easily get safe, community-made content to explore! Switch up your look with new skins, change your world, or explore incredible new maps from a community with unlimited imagination." to "In addition to the full Minecraft experience complete with Creative mode, Achievements, and more, with access to the Store, you can easily get safe, community made creations to expand your world! Get the full game today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.xbl.description":
		Changed field "value" from "The Minecraft community is waiting for you! Join your Xbox Live friends' worlds, make new friends on Servers, and sync your Marketplace purchases to everywhere you play Minecraft." to "With the full Minecraft experience you get Creative mode, Achievements, and more, plus with Xbox Live you can meet others in the Minecraft community! Join Xbox Live friends' worlds, make new friends on Servers, and sync your Marketplace purchases to everywhere you play Minecraft.".
Changed resource pack "extra":
	Total key: 264 (+1, -0)
	Added key "disconnectionScreen.noNSO.title" of field "value": "Nintendo Switch Online Required".