Difference of "language" between "1.19.63" and "1.19.70.20" (beta of "1.19.70").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 10983 (+63, -18)
	Added key "accessibility.play.multipleNewPosts":
		field "value": "%s new posts"
		field "comment": " %s will be a number"
	Added key "accessibility.play.noNewPosts" of field "value": "No new posts".
	Added key "accessibility.play.singleNewPost" of field "value": "1 new post".
	Changed key "authentication.error.accountType.body":
		Changed field "value" from "Oops! It looks like you signed in with a personal account. This account is not eligible to use Minecraft: Education Edition. Please make sure you are signing in with a school or organizational account and try again." to "Oops! It looks like you signed in with a personal account. This account is not eligible to use Minecraft Education. Please make sure you are signing in with a school or organizational account and try again.".
	Changed key "authentication.error.outOfDate.body":
		Changed field "value" from "We're sorry, but this version of Minecraft: Education Edition is no longer supported. Please update to the latest version to continue playing." to "We're sorry, but this version of Minecraft Education is no longer supported. Please update to the latest version to continue playing.".
	Changed key "authentication.pleaseSignIn":
		Changed field "value" from "Sign in with your school or organizational account to use Minecraft: Education Edition." to "Sign in with your school or organizational account to use Minecraft Education.".
	Changed key "authentication.store.intro":
		Changed field "value" from "Your trial of Minecraft: Education Edition is complete. To continue playing Minecraft: Education Edition, you will need to purchase a license." to "Your trial of Minecraft Education is complete. To continue playing Minecraft Education, you will need to purchase a license.".
	Changed key "authentication.store.purchase.info2":
		Changed field "value" from "You can manage your subscription and turn off auto-renewal by accessing your iTunes Account settings after purchase. If you cancel after your subscription has activated, you won't be refunded for the remaining active period of the subscription. Your iTunes account will be linked to your O365 Education Account for this subscription, so you will not be eligible to purchase additional Minecraft: Education Edition licenses with this iTunes account." to "You can manage your subscription and turn off auto-renewal by accessing your iTunes Account settings after purchase. If you cancel after your subscription has activated, you won't be refunded for the remaining active period of the subscription. Your iTunes account will be linked to your O365 Education Account for this subscription, so you will not be eligible to purchase additional Minecraft Education licenses with this iTunes account.".
	Changed key "authentication.trialEnded":
		Changed field "value" from "Your trial of Minecraft: Education Edition is complete.%1%1Your school or organization will need to purchase a license for you to continue to use all of the features of Minecraft: Education Edition.%1%1You'll be signed out of your %2 account now and you can explore our feature-limited demo lesson." to "Your trial of Minecraft Education is complete.%1%1Your school or organization will need to purchase a license for you to continue to use all of the features of Minecraft Education.%1%1You'll be signed out of your %2 account now and you can explore our feature-limited demo lesson.".
	Changed key "authentication.trialWarning":
		Changed field "value" from "You have %2 trials of Minecraft: Education Edition remaining before your school or organization will need to purchase a license.%1%1Every time you open Minecraft: Education Edition, you will use one trial. " to "You have %2 trials of Minecraft Education remaining before your school or organization will need to purchase a license.%1%1Every time you open Minecraft Education, you will use one trial. ".
	Changed key "authentication.trialWelcome":
		Changed field "value" from "Welcome!%1%1You have %2 trials of Minecraft: Education Edition available before your school or organization will need to purchase a license.%1%1Every time you open Minecraft: Education Edition, you will use one trial. Enjoy!" to "Welcome!%1%1You have %2 trials of Minecraft Education available before your school or organization will need to purchase a license.%1%1Every time you open Minecraft Education, you will use one trial. Enjoy!".
	Changed key "authentication.unauthenticated":
		Changed field "value" from "This account is not eligible to use Minecraft: Education Edition." to "This account is not eligible to use Minecraft Education.".
	Changed key "content.import.failed.subtitle_premiumcontent":
		Changed field "value" from "Content in this world is not supported by Minecraft: Education Edition." to "Content in this world is not supported by Minecraft Education.".
	Changed key "disconnectionScreen.editionMismatch":
		Changed field "value" from "This world was saved from Minecraft: Education Edition. It cannot be loaded." to "This world was saved from Minecraft Education. It cannot be loaded.".
	Changed key "disconnectionScreen.editionMismatchEduToVanilla":
		Changed field "value" from "The server is not running Minecraft: Education Edition. Failed to connect." to "The server is not running Minecraft Education. Failed to connect.".
	Changed key "disconnectionScreen.editionVersionMismatch.body":
		Changed field "value" from "The world you selected cannot be opened in this version of Minecraft: Education Edition." to "The world you selected cannot be opened in this version of Minecraft Education.".
	Changed key "disconnectionScreen.nowifi":
		Changed field "value" from "It appears you are unable to connect to your network, please check your connection." to "It appears you are unable to connect to your network, please connect to a Wi-Fi network or enable 'Use Mobile Data' in profile settings.".
	Added key "disconnectionScreen.unexpectedPacket" of field "value": "Disconnected due to an unexpected type of packet received which cannot be processed.  This could be due to a version mismatch or corruption at the networking level.".
	Changed key "eula.intro":
		Changed field "value" from "To use Minecraft: Education Edition you must accept the End-User Licensing Agreement." to "To use Minecraft Education you must accept the End-User Licensing Agreement.".
	Added key "feed.unviewedPost" of field "value": "New".
	Changed key "gui.edu.exitGameWarningCaption":
		Changed field "value" from "Minecraft: Education Edition" to "Minecraft Education".
	Changed key "gui.edu.exitGameWarningMessage":
		Changed field "value" from "Exit Minecraft: Education Edition?" to "Exit Minecraft Education?".
	Changed key "hbui.CreateNewWorld.advanced.simulationDistanceDescription":
		Changed field "value" from "The game loads and applies changes within a %1$sx%1$s block radius" to "The game loads and applies changes within a range of %1$sx%1$s chunks from the player".
	Changed key "hbui.CreateNewWorld.advanced.simulationDistanceDescriptionOnlyOne":
		Changed field "value" from "Your device only allows a simulation distance of %2$s chunks. This means that the game loads and applies changes within a  %1$sx%1$s block radius" to "Your device only allows a simulation distance of %2$s chunks. This means that the game loads and applies changes within a range of %1$sx%1$s chunks from the player".
	Removed key "hbui.DeprecatedModal.close" of field "value": "Close modal".
	Added key "hbui.SignInAddFriendRoute.laterButton" of field "value": "Maybe Later".
	Added key "hbui.SignInAddFriendRoute.signInButton" of field "value": "Sign In Now".
	Added key "hbui.SignInAddFriendRoute.signInHeader" of field "value": "Sign in to start playing with friends".
	Added key "hbui.SignInAddFriendRoute.signInList1" of field "value": "Add friends and invite them into your worlds".
	Added key "hbui.SignInAddFriendRoute.signInList2" of field "value": "Track your friends list across multiple consoles".
	Added key "hbui.SignInAddFriendRoute.signInList3" of field "value": "Receive Realms invites from your friends".
	Added key "hbui.SignInAddFriendRoute.signInPrompt" of field "value": "Ready to join your friends in Minecraft? Sign in now to start playing together!".
	Removed key "howtoplay.HUD.text.2" of field "value": "If you lose some health but have at least nine :shank:, your health will replenish. Eating food will replenish your :shank:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.HUD.text.2.notTouch" of field "value": "If you lose health but have at least nine :shank:, your health will automatically replenish. Eating food will also replenish your :shank:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.HUD.text.2.touch" of field "value": "Your health will automatically replenish if you have at least nine :shank:. Your :shank: will slowly decrease as you explore and get hungry, but eating food will replenish your :shank:.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.HUD.text.3.touch" of field "value": "Press and hold a piece of food to eat it.".
	Added key "howtoplay.HUD.text.3a.touch" of field "value": "To eat something, tap the food item on your hotbar, then tap and hold the screen to eat.".
	Added key "howtoplay.HUD.text.3b.touch" of field "value": "If you use Action Buttons, first tap the food item on your hotbar, then tap and hold :tip_virtual_button_action_build_or_use: to eat it.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.HUD.text.4" of field "value": "You must watch your hunger level while adventuring, your hunger level is represented on your HUD with :shank:. The hunger level decreases as you explore. Certain activities will decrease hunger level at a faster rate, such as sprinting. You can replenish your hunger level by eating food. Some foods are more nourishing than others and will fill up more :shank:. When you get your hunger level up to maximum, the last food you ate applies a saturation value. Saturation is a hidden number that gives you an extra bonus to your hunger level.".
	Added key "howtoplay.HUD.text.4a" of field "value": "Certain activities will make you more hungry faster, like sprinting. Fortunately, some foods are more nourishing and will fill up more :shank:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.HUD.text.4b" of field "value": "If you have full :shank:, the last food you ate will apply a saturation value - a hidden value that gives an extra boost to your hunger level.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.armor.text.5.touch" of field "value": "The Shield will block incoming damage. The Shield can be equipped in the offhand slot as well as the hotbar. Tap :touch_sneak: to toggle block with the Shield.".
	Added key "howtoplay.armor.text.5a.touch" of field "value": "The Shield blocks all kinds of incoming damage - even a Creeper explosion! It can be equipped in the offhand slot or the hotbar.".
	Added key "howtoplay.armor.text.5b.touch" of field "value": "When using the "D-Pad & tap to interact" control scheme, tap :touch_sneak: to toggle blocking with the shield.".
	Added key "howtoplay.armor.text.5c.touch" of field "value": "When using a "Joystick" control scheme, tap :tip_virtual_button_sneak: to toggle blocking with the shield.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.chemistry.text.2":
		Changed field "value" from "Download the Chemistry Journal from the Minecraft: Education Edition website for a comprehensive guide to chemistry in Minecraft." to "Download the Chemistry Journal from the Minecraft Education website for a comprehensive guide to chemistry in Minecraft.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.classroomMode.text.1":
		Changed field "value" from "Classroom Mode is an external application that provides educators with features designed to facilitate interaction with students. You can download Classroom Mode from the Minecraft: Education Edition website." to "Classroom Mode is an external application that provides educators with features designed to facilitate interaction with students. You can download Classroom Mode from the Minecraft Education website.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.classroomMode.text.2":
		Changed field "value" from "As the host of a world, use the command /classroommode to launch the Classroom Mode app and connect it to Minecraft: Education Edition." to "As the host of a world, use the command /classroommode to launch the Classroom Mode app and connect it to Minecraft Education.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.2.touch.classic_dpad" of field "value": "Touch and drag along the screen to look around.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.2.touch.joystick_crosshair" of field "value": "Touch and drag along the screen to look around.".
	Moved key "howtoplay.controls.text.2.touch" to "howtoplay.controls.text.2.touch.joystick_tap".
	Moved key "howtoplay.controls.text.3.touch" to "howtoplay.controls.text.3.touch.classic_dpad".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.3.touch.joystick_crosshair" of field "value": "Use :tip_virtual_joystick: to move around.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.3.touch.joystick_tap" of field "value": "Use :tip_virtual_joystick: to move around.".
	Moved key "howtoplay.controls.text.4.touch" to "howtoplay.controls.text.4.touch.classic_dpad".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.4.touch.joystick_crosshair" of field "value": "Press :tip_virtual_button_jump: to jump.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.4.touch.joystick_tap" of field "value": "Press :tip_virtual_button_jump: to jump.".
	Moved key "howtoplay.controls.text.5.touch" to "howtoplay.controls.text.5.touch.classic_dpad".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.5.touch.joystick_crosshair" of field "value": "Press :tip_virtual_button_sprint: to toggle sprint. You will continue to sprint until you have less than :shank::shank::shank:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.5.touch.joystick_tap" of field "value": "Press :tip_virtual_button_sprint: to toggle sprint. You will continue to sprint until you have less than :shank::shank::shank:.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.controls.text.6.touch" of field "value": "Touch and hold the screen on a block to mine and chop using your hand or whatever you are holding. You may need to craft a tool to mine some blocks.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.6.touch.classic_dpad" of field "value": "Tap and hold a block to mine it with your hand or the item you're holding. You may need to craft specific tools before you can mine certain blocks.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.6.touch.joystick_crosshair" of field "value": "Tap and drag your finger anywhere to aim with :tip_crosshair: and highlight a block. Tap and hold :tip_virtual_button_action_attack_or_destroy: to mine it with your hand or the item you're holding. You might need to craft specific tools before you can mine certain blocks.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.6.touch.joystick_tap" of field "value": "Tap and hold a block to mine it with your hand or the item you're holding. You may need to craft specific tools before you can mine certain blocks.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.controls.text.7.touch" of field "value": "If you are holding an item in your hand, touch the screen to use that item or touch and hold the item in your hotbar to drop it.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.7.touch.classic_dpad" of field "value": "If you're holding an item, tap the screen to use it or tap and hold the item in your hotbar to drop it. Tap and hold the screen to eat any food you're holding.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.7.touch.joystick_crosshair" of field "value": "If you're holding an item, tap :tip_virtual_button_action_build_or_use: to use that item or touch and hold the item in your hotbar to drop it. Tap and hold :tip_virtual_button_action_build_or_use: to eat a food item you're holding.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.7.touch.joystick_tap" of field "value": "If you're holding an item, tap the screen to use it or tap and hold the item in your hotbar to drop it. Tap and hold the screen to eat any food you're holding.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.controls.text.8.touch" of field "value": "Sneaking is incredibly useful in Minecraft, sneaking keeps you from falling off of a block and hides your nametag. To toggle sneak, tap :touch_sneak:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.8.touch.classic_dpad" of field "value": "Sneaking keeps you from falling off blocks, hides you from mobs, and hides your nametag from other players. To sneak, tap :touch_sneak:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.8.touch.joystick_crosshair" of field "value": "Sneaking keeps you from falling off blocks, hides you from mobs, and hides your nametag from other players. To sneak, tap :tip_virtual_button_sneak:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.controls.text.8.touch.joystick_tap" of field "value": "Sneaking keeps you from falling off blocks, hides you from mobs, and hides your nametag from other players. To sneak, tap :tip_virtual_button_sneak:.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.controls.text.swim.touch":
		Changed field "value" from "Sprinting while in water will make you swim. Touch and drag along the screen to control the direction that you are swimming." to "Moving in water will make you swim. Sprinting underwater will make you swim fast. Tap and drag your finger to control the direction in which you swim.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.creativeMode.text.4.touch" of field "value": "To fly when in Creative Mode, Tap :_input_key.jump: twice quickly. To exit flying, repeat the action. To fly faster, tap :_input_key.forward: twice in rapid succession while flying. When in flying mode, you can press :touch_fly_up: to move up and :touch_fly_down: to move down.".
	Added key "howtoplay.creativeMode.text.4a.touch.classic_dpad" of field "value": "To fly tap :touch_jump: twice quickly, and to stop flying tap :touch_stop_flying: twice quickly.".
	Added key "howtoplay.creativeMode.text.4a.touch.joystick_tap_and_crosshair" of field "value": "To fly tap :tip_virtual_button_jump: twice quickly, and to stop flying tap :tip_virtual_button_fly_down: twice quickly.".
	Added key "howtoplay.creativeMode.text.4b.touch.classic_dpad" of field "value": "Tap :touch_forward: twice quickly to fly faster. To fly up tap and hold :touch_fly_up:, and to fly down tap and hold :touch_fly_down:.".
	Added key "howtoplay.creativeMode.text.4b.touch.joystick_tap_and_crosshair" of field "value": "Tap :tip_virtual_button_sprint: to fly faster. To fly up tap and hold :tip_virtual_button_fly_up:, and to fly down tap and hold :tip_virtual_button_fly_down:.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.elytra.text.3.touch":
		Changed field "value" from "When equipped with Elytra, a player can tap :_input_key.jump: while falling to start gliding. Note that you need to be quite high to really get the full effect!" to "When equipped with Elytra, tap :touch_jump: or :tip_virtual_button_fly_up: while falling to start gliding. Make sure you're high up to get the full effect!".
	Added key "howtoplay.elytra.text.4.touch" of field "value": "You can steer while gliding by looking around. If you look downwards, you'll gain some speed, but you'll also hit the ground faster. If you look upward, you'll gain some height, but do it for too long and you'll stall - which means you'll start falling.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.elytra.text.5":
		Changed field "value" from "As you fly, your Elytra will lose durability. You can repair them by combining them with some Phantom Membrane at an Anvil. If they break mid-flight you'll fall, so be careful!" to "Your Elytra will slowly lose durability while flying, and if they break mid-flight you'll fall. You can repair them by combining them with Phantom Membrane at an Anvil.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.inventory.text.1.touch":
		Changed field "value" from "Tap the Inventory tab to view your inventory." to "Tap :tip_touch_inventory: to view your inventory.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.inventory.text.2":
		Changed field "value" from "This screen shows the items that are available for use in your hand, and all of the other items that you are carrying. Your armor is also shown here." to "This screen shows all items you have in your hand and all other items you're carrying. You can also view the armor you're wearing.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.inventory.text.3.touch":
		Changed field "value" from "Tap to select an item. If there is more than one item here this will select them all." to "Tap to select an item. To move it, tap on another spot in the inventory. If you move an item to a spot with the same item, they'll combine into a stack. If you move it to a different item, they'll swap places.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.inventory.text.4.touch" of field "value": "Tap another place in the inventory to move the item.".
	Added key "howtoplay.inventory.text.4a.touch" of field "value": "If you tap on a stack of items, you'll automatically select all items in the stack. You can move the stack the same way you would a single item.".
	Added key "howtoplay.inventory.text.4b.touch" of field "value": "To split a stack of items, tap and hold on the item stack until the selection slider appears. Without releasing the screen, slide your finger left and right to select the number of items you want to remove from the stack.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.inventory.text.6.touch" of field "value": "To drop an item, tap the item and then tap outside of the inventory window.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.mounts.text.15.touch" of field "value": "Tap :_input_key.sneak: to dismount.".
	Added key "howtoplay.mounts.text.15a.touch" of field "value": "When using the D-Pad control scheme, tap :touch_jump: to dismount an animal.".
	Added key "howtoplay.mounts.text.15b.touch" of field "value": "When using a Joystick control scheme, tap :tip_virtual_button_dismount: to dismount an animal.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.permissionBlocks.text.1":
		Changed field "value" from "Minecraft: Education Edition features several special blocks that make it easier for teachers to create and employ lessons. Only players with World Builder ability can place and destroy these blocks. Only players without World Builder ability are subject to the restrictions imposed by these blocks." to "Minecraft Education features several special blocks that make it easier for teachers to create and employ lessons. Only players with World Builder ability can place and destroy these blocks. Only players without World Builder ability are subject to the restrictions imposed by these blocks.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.portfolio.text.1":
		Changed field "value" from "Pictures you have taken appear in the Portfolio. Press :_input_key.use: to view the Portfolio. When viewing the Portfolio, you can add captions to pictures, delete pictures, and export pictures as a series of images." to "Pictures you have taken appear in the Portfolio. Press :_input_key.use: to view the Portfolio. When viewing the Portfolio, you can add captions to pictures, delete pictures, and export pictures as a PDF.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.portfolio.text.1.touch":
		Changed field "value" from "Pictures you have taken appear in the Portfolio. Tap and hold to view the Portfolio. When viewing the Portfolio, you can add captions to pictures, delete pictures, and export pictures as a series of images." to "Pictures you have taken appear in the Portfolio. Tap and hold to view the Portfolio. When viewing the Portfolio, you can add captions to pictures, delete pictures, and export pictures as a PDF.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.scaffolding.text.1.touch" of field "value": "Scaffolding can help you create huge structures safely! You can walk inside scaffolding and stand on it. If you have a column of scaffolding you can go upward by standing in the scaffolding and pressing the :touch_jump: button. If you want to travel downward you can press the :touch_fly_down: button.".
	Added key "howtoplay.scaffolding.text.1a.touch" of field "value": "Scaffolding can help with building large structures by offering a way to reach higher places and safely descend without taking fall damage.".
	Added key "howtoplay.scaffolding.text.1b.touch" of field "value": "When using the D-Pad control scheme, tap :touch_jump: to climb up a column of scaffolding. Tap :touch_fly_down: to climb down.".
	Added key "howtoplay.scaffolding.text.1c.touch" of field "value": "When using a Joystick control scheme, press :tip_virtual_button_jump: to climb up a column of scaffolding. Tap :tip_virtual_button_sneak: to climb down.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.transportation.text.2":
		Changed field "value" from "Minecarts are ridable carts that roll on Rails. You can make the Rails go wherever you want by placing them next to each other, place a Minecart on it and you are ready to ride." to "Minecarts are ridable carts that roll on Rails. You can make the Rails go wherever you want by placing them next to each other. Place a Minecart on the Rails and you are ready to ride.".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.2.touch" of field "value": "Minecarts are ridable carts that roll on Rails, which you can build to go anywhere. Just place multiple Rails next to each other, place a Minecart on it, and you're ready to ride.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.transportation.text.3.touch" of field "value": "Tap the Ride button while near a Minecart to hop in and ride. Press :_input_key.forward: to roll forward. Tap :_input_key.jump: to get out. ".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.3a.touch" of field "value": "Look at a Minecart and tap "Ride" to hop in.".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.3b.touch" of field "value": "When using the D-Pad control scheme, tap and hold :touch_forward: to start moving forward and build momentum, and tap :touch_jump: to get out.".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.3c.touch" of field "value": "When using a Joystick control scheme, drag :tip_virtual_joystick: up to start moving forward and build momentum, and tap :tip_virtual_button_dismount: to get out.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.transportation.text.4":
		Changed field "value" from "Boats let you travel across water, place one on a water block and you are ready to go." to "Boats let you travel across water. Place one on a water block and you are ready to go.".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.4.touch" of field "value": "Boats let you travel across water. Just place one on a water block and you're ready to go.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.transportation.text.5.touch" of field "value": "Tap the board button while near a Boat to board it. Press :_input_key.left: or :_input_key.right: to turn left or right. Press them both to move forward. Tap the leave boat button to get out.".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.5a.touch" of field "value": "Look at a Boat and tap "Board" to board it.".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.5b.touch" of field "value": "When using the D-Pad control scheme, tap :touch_left: or :touch_right: to turn left or right, or tap and hold both to move forward. Tap "Leave Boat" to get out.".
	Added key "howtoplay.transportation.text.5c.touch" of field "value": "When using a Joystick control scheme, drag :tip_virtual_joystick: up to move forward and tap :tip_virtual_button_dismount: to get out.".
	Removed key "howtoplay.weapons.text.5.touch" of field "value": "The Crossbow is an alternate ranged weapon. Press and hold the screen to load the crossbow. Once the Crossbow is loaded, it will stay loaded until it is fired, even if you put it in your inventory. Press the hold the screen to fire an arrow. The Crossbow requires arrows to load.".
	Added key "howtoplay.weapons.text.5a.touch" of field "value": "The crossbow is a ranged weapon which requires an arrow to be loaded. Tap and hold anywhere on the screen to load the crossbow with an arrow.".
	Added key "howtoplay.weapons.text.5b.touch" of field "value": "Once you've loaded the crossbow it'll stay loaded until fired, even when you put it in your inventory.".
	Added key "howtoplay.weapons.text.5c.touch" of field "value": "Tap anywhere on the screen to fire a loaded crossbow.".
	Added key "howtoplay.weapons.text.5d.touch" of field "value": "If you're using Action Buttons, tap :tip_virtual_button_action_build_or_use: to fire a loaded crossbow.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.worldBuilder.text.1":
		Changed field "value" from "To place or use certain Minecraft: Education Edition blocks or items, a player must possess a special ability called 'World Builder'." to "To place or use certain Minecraft Education blocks or items, a player must possess a special ability called 'World Builder'.".
	Changed key "immersive_reader.error.identity_failure":
		Changed field "value" from "There was a problem connecting to Immersive Reader. Please restart Minecraft: Education Edition and try again." to "There was a problem connecting to Immersive Reader. Please restart Minecraft Education and try again.".
	Changed key "joincode.tooltip.account.error":
		Changed field "value" from "There was a problem verifying your account. Please restart Minecraft: Education Edition and try again." to "There was a problem verifying your account. Please restart Minecraft Education and try again.".
	Changed key "key.chat":
		Changed field "value" from "Open Chat" to "Chat button".
	Added key "options.dev_clearLibraryCache" of field "value": "Clear Library Cache".
	Removed key "resourcePack.error.plugin_removal.body" of field "value": "Removing Behavior Packs with a plugin might break the world and cause you to lose what you created.".
	Removed key "resourcePack.error.plugin_removal.title" of field "value": "Action not allowed.".