Difference of "language" between "1.6.2" and "1.7.0.2" (beta of "1.7.0").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 6337 (+40, -1)
	Added key "authentication.store.confirm.button" of field "value": "Confirm".
	Added key "authentication.store.intro" of field "value": "Your trial of Minecraft: Education Edition is complete. To continue playing Minecraft: Education Edition, you will need to purchase a license.".
	Added key "authentication.store.popup.purchaseFailed.msg" of field "value": "Sorry, we were unable to complete your purchase. Maybe check your internet connection?".
	Added key "authentication.store.popup.purchaseFailed.title" of field "value": "Something Went Wrong".
	Added key "authentication.store.purchase.button" of field "value": "Purchase license (%s/year)".
	Added key "authentication.store.purchase.info1" of field "value": "The payment will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase and the subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, at the subscription price option you have previously selected. ".
	Added key "authentication.store.purchase.info2" of field "value": "You can manage your subscription and turn off auto-renewal by accessing your iTunes Account settings after purchase. If you cancel after your subscription has activated, you won’t be refunded for the remaining active period of the subscription. Your iTunes account will be linked to your O365 Education Account for this subscription, so you will not be eligible to purchase additional Minecraft: Education Edition licenses with this iTunes account.".
	Added key "authentication.store.terms" of field "value": "Terms of Use".
	Added key "authentication.store.viewPrivacyPolicy" of field "value": "View Privacy Policy".
	Added key "authentication.store.viewTermsAndConditions" of field "value": "View Terms and Conditions".
	Added key "chat.font" of field "value": "Font".
	Added key "codeScreen.chooseEditor" of field "value": "Choose your editor:".
	Added key "codeScreen.needAgent" of field "value": "You need an Agent to code! Get an Agent egg from your creative inventory.".
	Added key "codeScreen.needCheats" of field "value": "Cheats must be enabled in the level to code!".
	Added key "codeScreen.resetWarning" of field "value": "Are you sure you want to reset Code Builder? All unsaved work will be lost...".
	Added key "codeScreen.title" of field "value": "Code Builder".
	Added key "commands.scoreboard.notEnabled" of field "value": "Please enable Experimental Toggle to use Scoreboards.".
	Added key "commands.scoreboard.players.offlinePlayerName" of field "value": "Player Offline".
	Added key "createWorldScreen.commandblocksenabled" of field "value": "Command Blocks Enabled".
	Changed key "disconnect.downloadPack":
		Changed field "value" from "Error while downloading packs from server and applying" to "Error while downloading packs from server. Please try again.".
	Added key "hostOption.codeBuilder" of field "value": "Code Builder".
	Changed key "howtoplay.pets.text.3":
		Changed field "value" from "Ocelots are a neutral mob that hunt in the Jungle. They will attack Chickens and keep Creepers away. They will try to run from you so taming them can be tough. They like fish so give them Raw Fish or Salmon to tame them." to "Ocelots are a neutral mob that hunt in the Jungle. They will attack Chickens and keep Creepers away. They will try to run from you so taming them can be tough. They like fish so give them Raw Cod or Salmon to tame them.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.ranching.text.4":
		Changed field "value" from "Cows, mooshrooms, and sheep all eat Wheat. Pigs can eat Carrots or Beetroot. Chickens love Seeds of any kinds. Rabbits will eat Carrots, Golden Carrots, or Dandelions. Ocelots enjoy Raw Fish or Salmon. Wolves like to eat any kind of meat." to "Cows, mooshrooms, and sheep all eat Wheat. Pigs can eat Carrots or Beetroot. Chickens love Seeds of any kinds. Rabbits will eat Carrots, Golden Carrots, or Dandelions. Ocelots enjoy Raw Cod or Salmon. Wolves like to eat any kind of meat.".
	Changed key "item.cooked_fish.name":
		Changed field "value" from "Cooked Fish" to "Cooked Cod".
	Changed key "item.fish.name":
		Changed field "value" from "Raw Fish" to "Raw Cod".
	Added key "item.spawn_egg.entity.agent.name" of field "value": "Spawn Agent".
	Added key "key.codeBuilder" of field "value": "Code Builder".
	Added key "options.chat.messageSpacing" of field "value": "Message Spacing: x%s".
	Added key "options.codeBuilder" of field "value": "Code Builder".
	Added key "permissions.ability.build" of field "value": "Build".
	Removed key "permissions.ability.buildandmine" of field "value": "Build and mine".
	Added key "permissions.ability.mine" of field "value": "Mine".
	Changed key "permissions.nocheats.message":
		Changed field "value" from "The operator and teleport commands are only available with cheats ON.  Cheats can be turned on through the pause menu under Game Settings." to "Certain commands like teleport are only available with cheats ON.  Cheats can also be turned on through the pause menu under Game Settings.  If you choose to turn cheats on, achievements will be disabled in this world.".
	Added key "permissions.nocheats.turnoff" of field "value": "Keep cheats off".
	Added key "permissions.nocheats.turnon" of field "value": "Turn cheats on".
	Added key "realmsInvitationScreen.setDefaultPermissionFail" of field "value": "Failed to set default permissions.".
	Added key "realmsInvitationScreen.setPermissionFail" of field "value": "Failed to set permission for user %s.".
	Added key "realmsInvitationScreen.shareText" of field "value": "Come join me in this realm!".
	Changed key "resourcePack.crashRecovery.message":
		Changed field "value" from "A crash was detected." to "Resources failed to load previously.".
	Added key "store.copyToastMessage" of field "value": "Link copied to clipboard!".
	Added key "store.inventory.no.xbl" of field "value": "My Packs".
	Added key "store.mashup.title.recentlyViewed" of field "value": "Recently Viewed".
	Added key "store.mashup.title.relatedItems" of field "value": "Related Items".
	Added key "store.mypacks" of field "value": "%s's Packs".
	Added key "store.new.icon" of field "value": "New".
	Added key "store.search.button" of field "value": "Search".
	Added key "store.shareDescription" of field "value": "Whoa! %s made such a cool pack. You've got to check this out.".
	Changed key "store.sign_in_warning.no_xbl_and_local_content":
		Changed field "value" from "Important! You have purchased packs and/or Minecoins that are only available on this device and might be lost due to a device malfunction, loss, or uninstalling Minecraft! Sign in with an Xbox Live account (free) and transfer your pack entitlements and Minecoins to that account to protect and access your them on any device that you sign in on." to "Important! You have purchased packs and/or Minecoins that are only available on this device and might be lost due to a device malfunction, loss, or uninstalling Minecraft! Sign in with a Xbox Live account (free) and transfer your pack entitlements and Minecoins to that account to protect and access your them on any device that you sign in on.".
	Changed key "store.sign_in_warning.no_xbl_and_no_local_content.line2":
		Changed field "value" from "Sign in with an Xbox Live account (free) and transfer your pack entitlements to that account to protect your purchased packs and Minecoins." to "Sign in with a Xbox Live account (free) and transfer your pack entitlements to that account to protect your purchased packs and Minecoins.".
	Changed key "survey.line5":
		Changed field "value" from "I thought I needed an Xbox console" to "I thought I needed a Xbox console".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.achievements.description":
		Changed field "value" from "In addition to the full Minecraft experience with Creative mode, Multiplayer, and more, you’ll earn Achievements. Achievements and Gamerscore mark your Minecraft progress and show your Xbox Live friends your accomplishments. Get the full game to start earning them!" to "The full Minecraft experience lets you enjoy Creative Mode, Multiplayer and Achievements! With Gamerscore and Achievements, you can mark your Minecraft progress and race your friends to unlock them all! Get Minecraft and start earning them today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.addon.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Want wolves to act like bunnies? Add a behavior pack to your world to change behaviors in-game. Want to make all trees look like cotton candy? Unlock the full Minecraft experience to get Creative mode, Achievements and more, plus easily change your game experience with add-ons." to "Want to make wolves act like bunnies? Turn all the trees into cotton candy? You can alter everything in the full Minecraft experience with add-ons! Plus get access to Multiplayer, Creative mode, Achievements and more! Buy Minecraft now for full access!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.button":
		Changed field "value" from "Buy for %s" to "Buy Minecraft!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.creative.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Unlock the full Minecraft experience to try Creative mode. Play and create with the entire inventory for unlimited fun! Fly around your world, make your dream home with glazed terracotta, blow up a mountain with unlimited TNT and so much more! Unlock today." to "Buy Minecraft and get Creative Mode! Access the entire inventory – the only limit to what you can build is your imagination! Fly around your world, make your dream home out of anything and everything, or just blow up a mountain with unlimited TNT! ".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.minecraft.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Endlessly explore randomly generated worlds and build amazing things from the simplest of homes to the grandest of castles. Play in creative mode with unlimited resources or mine deep into the world in survival mode, crafting weapons and armor to fend off the dangerous mobs. Plus, play with friends online! Unlock the full game today!" to "Endlessly explore your own unique worlds and construct anything you can imagine – from the simplest of homes to the grandest of castles! Play Creative mode to build wonders with unlimited resources. Or mine in Survival mode, crafting weapons and armor to fend off dangerous mobs and survive the nights. Plus, play with friends online! Unlock the full game today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.multiplayer.description":
		Changed field "value" from "The full Minecraft experience includes Creative mode, Achievements, and more, plus you can play with friends on console, PC or mobile to conquer new challenges together. Invite a friend to fight the Ender Dragon with you or go to the Nether with backup – unlock today!" to "The full Minecraft experience lets you enjoy Creative Mode, Achievements and Multiplayer with your friends across Minecraft devices! Play with friends on console, PC and mobile to create, explore and survive together. Unlock the full Minecraft experience today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.seeds.description":
		Changed field "value" from "Unlock the full Minecraft experience complete with Creative mode, Achievements, and more. Plus get access to Seeds where you can discover new biomes! Survive on the ice plains, ascend extreme hills, or trek across a sandy desert. Start with unique world templates or explore random new worlds today." to "Unlock the full Minecraft experience and get access to Seeds! Seeds help you discover new biomes - survive on ice plains, ascend extreme hills, or trek across deserts. Start with unique templates or explore random new worlds! Access Seeds, Creative Mode, Multiplayer and more by buying Minecraft today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.server.description":
		Changed field "value" from "In addition to the full Minecraft experience complete with Creative mode, Multiplayer, and more, you can access Servers. Servers offer even more creative ways to play Minecraft! Play minigames with the Minecraft community and meet 1000s of new friends. Get the full game today!" to "Servers offer some of the most creative ways to enjoy Minecraft! Play great mini-games, meet the Minecraft community and make new friends. Unlock the full Minecraft experience to try Servers today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.store.description":
		Changed field "value" from "In addition to the full Minecraft experience complete with Creative mode, Achievements, and more, with access to the Store, you can easily get safe, community made creations to expand your world! Get the full game today!" to "Get access to the Minecraft Marketplace, our in-game store. Switch up your look with new skins, change your world, or explore incredible new maps from the best community creators! Get the full game today!".
	Changed key "trial.tabbed_upsell.xbl.description":
		Changed field "value" from "With the full Minecraft experience you get Creative mode, Achievements, and more, plus with Xbox Live you can meet others in the Minecraft community! Join Xbox Live friends' worlds, make new friends on Servers, and sync your Marketplace purchases to everywhere you play Minecraft." to "With the full version of Minecraft and an Xbox Live account, you can play together with your friends across other devices such as iOS, Android, Nintendo Switch, and Windows 10. Join Xbox Live friends' worlds, make new friends on Servers and access content wherever you play Minecraft*!".
	Added key "trial.tabbed_upsell.xbl.description.line2" of field "value": "*(in versions with Marketplace)".
Changed resource pack "extra":
	Changed key "pauseScreen.thirdPartyConsoleAdhocDisconnect":
		Changed field "value" from "Your world is no longer visible on the local network, please restart your world to make it visible to local players." to "Your world is no longer visible on the local network. Please restart Local Mode on the Main Menu and restart your world to make it visible to local players.".
	Changed key "pauseScreen.thirdPartyConsoleDisconnect":
		Changed field "value" from "You were disconnected from the Nintendo Switch Online service." to "You were disconnected from Nintendo Switch Online. Sign in on the Main Menu and restart your world to make it visible to your Nintendo friends.".
	Changed key "pauseScreen.xboxLiveDisconnect":
		Changed field "value" from "Oops! Your Microsoft account was disconnected. To invite more players, reopen your world." to "Oops! Your Microsoft account was disconnected. To invite more players, sign in on the Main Menu and restart your world.".
	Changed key "survey.line5":
		Changed field "value" from "I thought I needed an Xbox console" to "I thought I needed a Xbox console".
	Changed key "xbox.signin.legalinfo":
		Changed field "value" from "You've connected to Minecraft with an Xbox Live profile. Change your Xbox Live settings and learn more at http://aka.ms/accountsettings. The Microsoft Services Agreement and Privacy Statement apply. " to "You've connected to Minecraft with a Xbox Live profile. Change your Xbox Live settings and learn more at http://aka.ms/accountsettings. The Microsoft Services Agreement and Privacy Statement apply. ".