Difference of "language" between "1.17.20.20" (beta of "1.17.30") and "1.17.20.21" (beta of "1.17.30").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 8923 (+2, -1)
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.10":
		Changed field "value" from "You can change how much of a structure is loaded in by changing the values for Integrity and Seed." to "Redstone can be used to activate a Structure Block. This will cause it to either save a structure out or load a structure into the world, depending on the mode of the block and its settings.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.11":
		Changed field "value" from "Integrity - the percentage of blocks to load in from the structure, accepted values are 0 to 100. Blocks will be chosen randomly if a Seed is not specified. " to "You can change how much of a structure is loaded in by changing the values for Integrity and Seed.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.12":
		Changed field "value" from "Seed - the value entered here will determine which blocks to remove when using Integrity. Leave this field blank if you want the blocks to be chosen randomly. " to "Integrity - the percentage of blocks to load in from the structure, accepted values are 0 to 100. Blocks will be chosen randomly if a Seed is not specified. ".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.13":
		Changed field "value" from "When a structure with Structure Void blocks is loaded into the world, any block that would have been removed where the structure void block is loading into, will instead stay in the world." to "Seed - the value entered here will determine which blocks to remove when using Integrity. Leave this field blank if you want the blocks to be chosen randomly. ".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.14":
		Changed field "value" from "Example: loading an empty shipwreck into the bottom of the ocean will normally copy air over the water blocks. If the shipwreck was filled with structure void, then the water will stay, and you will have a shipwreck filled with water.  " to "When a structure with Structure Void blocks is loaded into the world, any block that would have been removed where the structure void block is loading into, will instead stay in the world.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.15":
		Changed field "value" from "To automatically select the area you want to save, you can place Corner Mode blocks around your structure and name them with the same name as the structure you want to save.  " to "Example: loading an empty shipwreck into the bottom of the ocean will normally copy air over the water blocks. If the shipwreck was filled with structure void, then the water will stay, and you will have a shipwreck filled with water.  ".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.16":
		Changed field "value" from "Pressing the Detect button in Save mode will find all of the Corner Blocks with the same name and create a selection area so that it will save everything inside of the volume those Corner Blocks make. " to "To automatically select the area you want to save, you can place Corner Mode blocks around your structure and name them with the same name as the structure you want to save.  ".
	Added key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.17":
		field "value": "Pressing the Detect button in Save mode will find all of the Corner Blocks with the same name and create a selection area so that it will save everything inside of the volume those Corner Blocks make. "
		field "comment": ""
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.2":
		Changed field "value" from " To get a Structure Block you must use the /give slash command. To use a Structure Block, you must have Operator permissions." to "To get a Structure Block you must use the /give slash command. To use a Structure Block, you must have Operator permissions.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.3":
		Changed field "value" from "Structure Blocks have 3 modes that can be switched between with the Mode dropdown: Save, Load, and 3D Export." to "Structure Blocks have 4 modes that can be switched between with the Mode dropdown: Save, Load, Corner, and 3D Export.".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.6":
		Changed field "value" from "3D Export exports a 3D model file on supported platforms.  " to "Corner mode is used with save mode's detect button to automatically set the area you want to save. See the Corner Mode section below for more details.  ".
	Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.7":
		Changed field "value" from "On the right side of the Structure Block screen, a preview of the area you have selected or the structure to load will appear depending on the mode the block is in." to "3D Export exports a 3D model file on supported platforms.  ".
	Added key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.8":
		field "value": "On the right side of the Structure Block screen, a preview of the area you have selected or the structure to load will appear depending on the mode the block is in."
		field "comment": ""
	Removed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.9":
		field "value": "Redstone can be used to activate a Structure Block. This will cause it to either save a structure out or load a structure into the world, depending on the mode of the block and its settings."
		field "comment": ""
	Moved key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.8.gamepad" to "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.9.gamepad".
	Moved key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.8.keyboard" to "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.9.keyboard".
	Moved key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.8.touch" to "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.9.touch".