Difference of "language" between "1.16.10" and "1.16.20.50" (beta of "1.16.20").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 8274 (+3, -26)
	Added key "entity.piglin_brute.name" of field "value": "Piglin Brute".
	Added key "feature.ruinedportal" of field "value": "Ruined Portal".
	Added key "item.spawn_egg.entity.piglin_brute.name" of field "value": "Spawn Piglin Brute".
	Removed key "options.dev_sunset_overrides" of field "value": "Enable sunset overrides".
	Removed key "options.dev_sunset_status" of field "value": "Treat device as fully sunset".
	Removed key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier" of field "value": "Sunsetting Tier".
	Removed key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.not_pending" of field "value": "Not Pending".
	Removed key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.one" of field "value": "Tier 1".
	Removed key "options.viewSubscriptions.deviceSunset" of field "value": "Your version cannot access Realms ".
	Removed key "options.viewSubscriptions.deviceSunsetting" of field "value": "Your version may soon not access Realms ".
	Removed key "playscreen.realmsWarning.moreinfo" of field "value": "More info".
	Removed key "sunsetting.banner.play.friendsTab" of field "value": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
	Removed key "sunsetting.banner.play.friendsTab.pending" of field "value": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
	Removed key "sunsetting.banner.play.serverTab" of field "value": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
	Removed key "sunsetting.banner.play.serverTab.pending" of field "value": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
	Removed key "sunsetting.banner.play.worldTab" of field "value": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
	Removed key "sunsetting.banner.play.worldTab.pending" of field "value": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.dontshow" of field "value": "Don't show this again".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo" of field "value": "More Info".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo.gearVR" of field "value": "For more information, please visit https://aka.ms/MinecraftSunsetting in any web browser.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.dx10" of field "value": "Our ability to support this graphics device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.gearvr_win10" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). However you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.ios_android" of field "value": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.dx10" of field "value": "This graphics device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.gearvr_win10" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available.  However, you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.ios_android" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support. ".
	Removed key "sunsetting.popup.title" of field "value": "This device is no longer supported.".
	Removed key "sunsetting.store.incompatible" of field "value": "Incompatible".
	Removed key "sunsetting.store.incompatiblePopup" of field "value": "This content is not compatible with your device. Check https://aka.ms/MinecraftSunsetting".