Difference of "language" between "1.16.210.57" (beta of "1.16.210") and "1.16.210.58" (beta of "1.16.210").

Changed resource pack "core":
	Total key: 8511 (+2, -26)
	Removed key "commands.mixer.activatedbutton" of field "value": "%1$s activated %2$s.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.description" of field "value": "Mixer Interactivity control".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.error.notoken" of field "value": "You need to be signed in with a Microsoft Account to enable Mixer interactivity.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.error.notsupported" of field "value": "The device you are using does not support Mixer interactivity.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.error.unknown" of field "value": "An unknown Mixer error occurred.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.interactive.error" of field "value": "A Mixer error has occurred: %1$s".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.scene.failed" of field "value": "No scene named %1$s exists. Make sure you have entered the scene name correctly.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.scene.success" of field "value": "Scene changed to: %1$s".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.start.fail.invalidCode" of field "value": "Could not find project with ID "%1$s". Make sure the ID or share code is correct.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.start.success" of field "value": "Mixer interactive starting: %1$s".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.status.disabled" of field "value": "Interactivity is disabled.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.status.enabled" of field "value": "Interactivity is enabled.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.status.initializing" of field "value": "Interactivity is initializing.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.status.notinitialized" of field "value": "Interactivity is not initialized.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.status.pending" of field "value": "Interactivity is pending.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.stop.fail" of field "value": "No interactive session to stop.".
	Removed key "commands.mixer.stop.success" of field "value": "Mixer interactive stopped.".
	Changed key "dr.color.muddy_waters":
		Changed field "value" from "Muddy Waters" to "Polished Granite".
	Removed key "options.broadcast" of field "value": "Broadcast".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.mixerCreate.get" of field "value": "Get Mixer Create".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.mixerCreate.launch" of field "value": "Launch Mixer Create".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.mixerCreatePrompt" of field "value": "Want to broadcast your game? You need to have a compatible broadcasting app installed. We recommend Mixer Create as it allows you to broadcast with sub-second latency, co-stream with friends and lets your viewers interact in fun ways. Certain features like Chat and Viewer Count only work with Mixer Create.".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.permissionError" of field "value": "You do not have permission to use this feature.  See instructions for reviewing and changing your privacy settings at aka.ms/MCMultiplayerHelp.".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.start" of field "value": "Start Broadcast".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.startPrompt" of field "value": "Ready to broadcast your game?".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.xblError" of field "value": "We need you to sign in before you can start broadcasting your game.".
	Removed key "options.broadcast.xblError.title" of field "value": "Sign in to Broadcast".
	Added key "profileScreen.delete_button" of field "value": "Delete Character".
	Added key "profileScreen.settings_button" of field "value": "Game Settings".
	Changed key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.ios_android":
		Changed field "value" from "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. " to "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until our next major release, which is expected to be in July of 2021, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device.  ".
	Changed key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.ios_android":
		Changed field "value" from "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support. " to "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience - we deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and hope to see you again on an updated device. ".