Difference of "language" between "20w29a" (snapshot of "1.16.2") and "20w30a" (snapshot of "1.16.2").

Changed resource pack "minecraft":
	Changed file "en_us.json":
		Total key: 4776 (+2, -0)
		Changed key "gui.toTitle" from "Back to title screen" to "Back to Title Screen".
		Changed key "gui.toMenu" from "Back to server list" to "Back to Server List".
		Changed key "gui.recipebook.moreRecipes" from "Right Click for more" to "Right Click for More".
		Changed key "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.all" from "Showing all" to "Showing All".
		Changed key "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.craftable" from "Showing craftable" to "Showing Craftable".
		Changed key "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.smeltable" from "Showing smeltable" to "Showing Smeltable".
		Changed key "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.blastable" from "Showing blastable" to "Showing Blastable".
		Changed key "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.smokable" from "Showing smokable" to "Showing Smokable".
		Changed key "menu.paused" from "Game paused" to "Game Paused".
		Changed key "optimizeWorld.confirm.title" from "Optimize world" to "Optimize World".
		Changed key "datapackFailure.title" from "Errors in currently selected datapacks prevented world from loading.
You can either try to load only with vanilla datapack ("safe mode") or go back to title screen and fix it manually." to "Errors in currently selected datapacks prevented the world from loading.
You can either try to load it with only the vanilla data pack ("safe mode"), or go back to the title screen and fix it manually.".
		Changed key "multiplayerWarning.message" from "Caution: Online play is offered by third-party servers that are not owned, operated, or supervised by Mojang or Microsoft. During online play, you may be exposed to unmoderated chat messages or other types of user-generated content that may not be suitable for everyone." to "Caution: Online play is offered by third-party servers that are not owned, operated, or supervised by Mojang Studios or Microsoft. During online play, you may be exposed to unmoderated chat messages or other types of user-generated content that may not be suitable for everyone.".
		Changed key "record.nowPlaying" from "Now playing: %s" to "Now Playing: %s".
		Changed key "options.graphics.fabulous.tooltip" from "%s graphics uses screen shaders for drawing weather, clouds and particles behind translucent blocks and water.
This may severely impact performance for portable devices and 4K displays." to "%s graphics uses screen shaders for drawing weather, clouds, and particles behind translucent blocks and water.
This may severely impact performance for portable devices and 4K displays.".
		Changed key "options.graphics.fancy.tooltip" from "Fancy graphics balances performance and quality for the majority of machines.
Weather, clouds and particles may not appear behind translucent blocks or water." to "Fancy graphics balances performance and quality for the majority of machines.
Weather, clouds, and particles may not appear behind translucent blocks or water.".
		Changed key "options.graphics.fast.tooltip" from "Fast graphics reduces the amount of visible rain and snow.
Transparency effects are disabled for various blocks such as tree-leaves." to "Fast graphics reduces the amount of visible rain and snow.
Transparency effects are disabled for various blocks such as leaves.".
		Changed key "options.graphics.warning.accept" from "Continue without support" to "Continue without Support".
		Changed key "options.graphics.warning.cancel" from "Take me back" to "Take me Back".
		Changed key "title.multiplayer.disabled" from "Multiplayer is disabled, please check your launcher settings." to "Multiplayer is disabled. Please check your launcher settings.".
		Changed key "pack.incompatible.confirm.new" from "This pack was made for a newer version of Minecraft and may no longer work correctly." to "This pack was made for a newer version of Minecraft and may not work correctly.".
		Changed key "pack.dropConfirm" from "Do you want to add following packs to Minecraft?" to "Do you want to add the following packs to Minecraft?".
		Changed key "container.enchant.level.requirement" from "Level requirement: %s" to "Level Requirement: %s".
		Changed key "structure_block.mode_info.save" from "Save mode - write to file" to "Save Mode - Write to File".
		Changed key "structure_block.mode_info.load" from "Load mode - load from file" to "Load mode - Load from File".
		Changed key "structure_block.mode_info.data" from "Data mode - game logic marker" to "Data mode - Game Logic Marker".
		Changed key "structure_block.mode_info.corner" from "Corner mode - placement and size marker" to "Corner Mode - Placement and Size Marker".
		Changed key "structure_block.show_air" from "Show invisible blocks:" to "Show Invisible Blocks:".
		Changed key "structure_block.show_boundingbox" from "Show bounding box:" to "Show Bounding Box:".
		Changed key "jigsaw_block.pool" from "Target pool:" to "Target Pool:".
		Changed key "jigsaw_block.target" from "Target name:" to "Target Name:".
		Changed key "jigsaw_block.joint_label" from "Joint type:" to "Joint Type:".
		Changed key "death.attack.witherSkull" from "%1$s was shot by a %2$s's skull" to "%1$s was shot by a skull from %2$s".
		Changed key "deathScreen.spectate" from "Spectate world" to "Spectate World".
		Changed key "deathScreen.titleScreen" from "Title screen" to "Title Screen".
		Changed key "deathScreen.title.hardcore" from "Game over!" to "Game Over!".
		Changed key "deathScreen.title" from "You died!" to "You Died!".
		Changed key "event.minecraft.raid.raiders_remaining" from "Raiders remaining: %s" to "Raiders Remaining: %s".
		Changed key "mount.onboard" from "Press %1$s to dismount" to "Press %1$s to Dismount".
		Changed key "item.modifiers.mainhand" from "When in main hand:" to "When in Main Hand:".
		Changed key "item.modifiers.offhand" from "When in off hand:" to "When in Off Hand:".
		Changed key "item.modifiers.feet" from "When on feet:" to "When on Feet:".
		Changed key "item.modifiers.legs" from "When on legs:" to "When on Legs:".
		Changed key "item.modifiers.chest" from "When on body:" to "When on Body:".
		Changed key "item.modifiers.head" from "When on head:" to "When on Head:".
		Changed key "subtitles.item.armor.equip_turtle" from "Turtle shell thunks" to "Turtle Shell thunks".
		Changed key "debug.cycle_renderdistance.help" from "F3 + F = Cycle render distance (Shift to invert)" to "F3 + F = Cycle render distance (shift to invert)".
		Changed key "debug.creative_spectator.error" from "Unable to switch gamemode, no permission" to "Unable to switch gamemode; no permission".
		Changed key "debug.gamemodes.error" from "Unable to open game mode switcher, no permission" to "Unable to open game mode switcher; no permission".
		Changed key "advancements.nether.create_beacon.description" from "Construct and place a Beacon" to "Construct and place a beacon".
		Changed key "advancements.nether.use_lodestone.description" from "Use a Compass on a Lodestone" to "Use a compass on a Lodestone".
		Changed key "commands.reload.failure" from "Reload failed, keeping old data" to "Reload failed; keeping old data".
		Changed key "gamerule.category.updates" from "World updates" to "World Updates".
		Added key "advancements.sad_label": ":(".
		Added key "commands.summon.failed.uuid": "Unable to summon entity due to duplicate UUIDs".
Changed resource pack "realms":
	Changed file "en_us.json":
		Changed key "mco.configure.world.subscription.day" from "Day" to "day".
		Changed key "mco.configure.world.subscription.month" from "Month" to "month".
		Changed key "mco.configure.world.subscription.days" from "Days" to "days".
		Changed key "mco.configure.world.subscription.months" from "Months" to "months".