Difference of "language" between "1.16-pre4" (pre-release of "1.16-231620") and "1.16-pre5" (pre-release of "1.16-231620").

Changed resource pack "minecraft":
	Changed file "en_us.json":
		Total key: 4753 (+7, -0)
		Changed key "options.graphics.fabulous.tooltip" from ""Fabulous" graphics uses screen shaders for drawing weather, clouds and particles behind translucent blocks and water.
This may severely impact performance for portable devices and 4K displays." to "%s graphics uses screen shaders for drawing weather, clouds and particles behind translucent blocks and water.
This may severely impact performance for portable devices and 4K displays.".
		Changed key "options.graphics.fancy.tooltip" from ""Fancy" graphics balances performance and quality for the majority of machines.
Weather, clouds and particles may not appear behind translucent blocks or water." to "Fancy graphics balances performance and quality for the majority of machines.
Weather, clouds and particles may not appear behind translucent blocks or water.".
		Changed key "options.graphics.fast.tooltip" from ""Fast" graphics reduces the amount of visible rain and snow.
Transparency effects are disabled for various blocks such as tree-leaves." to "Fast graphics reduces the amount of visible rain and snow.
Transparency effects are disabled for various blocks such as tree-leaves.".
		Changed key "gamerule.doMobLoot.description" from "Controls resource drops, including experience orbs" to "Controls resource drops from mobs, including experience orbs".
		Changed key "gamerule.doTileDrops.description" from "Controls resource drops, including experience orbs" to "Controls resource drops from blocks, including experience orbs".
		Added key "options.graphics.warning.title": "Graphics Device Unsupported".
		Added key "options.graphics.warning.message": "Your graphics device is detected as unsupported for the %s graphics option.

You may ignore this and continue, however support will not be provided for your device if you choose to use %s graphics.".
		Added key "options.graphics.warning.renderer": "Renderer detected: [%s]".
		Added key "options.graphics.warning.vendor": "Vendor detected: [%s]".
		Added key "options.graphics.warning.version": "OpenGL Version detected: [%s]".
		Added key "options.graphics.warning.accept": "Continue without support".
		Added key "options.graphics.warning.cancel": "Take me back".