Difference of "language" between "1.13-per1" (pre-release of "1.13") and "1.13-pre2" (pre-release of "1.13").

Changed resource pack "minecraft":
	Changed file "en_us.json":
		Total key: 3816 (+6, -0)
		Changed key "selectWorld.backupWarning" from "This world was last played in version %s, you are on snapshot %s. Please make a backup in case you experience world corruptions!" to "This world was last played in version %s; you are on snapshot %s. Please make a backup in case you experience world corruptions!".
		Changed key "options.fullscreen.resolution" from "FS Resolution" to "Fullscreen resolution".
		Changed key "block.minecraft.bed.no_sleep" from "You can only sleep at night" to "You can sleep only at night and during thunderstorms".
		Changed key "block.minecraft.bed.too_far_away" from "You may not rest now, the bed is too far away" to "You may not rest now; the bed is too far away".
		Changed key "block.minecraft.bed.not_safe" from "You may not rest now, there are monsters nearby" to "You may not rest now; there are monsters nearby".
		Changed key "structure_block.size_failure" from "Unable to detect structure size, add corners with matching structure names" to "Unable to detect structure size. Add corners with matching structure names".
		Changed key "advancements.adventure.sniper_duel.description" from "Kill a Skeleton from more than 50 meters away" to "Kill a Skeleton from at least 50 meters away".
		Changed key "commands.scoreboard.objectives.list.empty" from "There are no tracked objectives" to "There are no objectives".
		Changed key "argument.entity.toomany" from "Only one entity is allowed, but the provided selector allows more than one." to "Only one entity is allowed, but the provided selector allows more than one".
		Changed key "argument.player.toomany" from "Only one player is allowed, but the provided selector allows more than one." to "Only one player is allowed, but the provided selector allows more than one".
		Changed key "argument.player.entities" from "Only players may be affected by this command, but the provided selector includes entities." to "Only players may be affected by this command, but the provided selector includes entities".
		Changed key "arguments.nbtpath.node.invalid" from "Invalid nbt path, expected element name or index" to "Invalid NBT path, expected element name or index".
		Changed key "arguments.swizzle.invalid" from "Invalid swizzle, expected combination of 'x' 'y' and 'z'" to "Invalid swizzle, expected combination of 'x', 'y' and 'z'".
		Changed key "argument.entity.invalid" from "Invalid name or uuid" to "Invalid name or UUID".
		Changed key "argument.entity.options.level.negative" from "Level negative" to "Level shouldn't be negative".
		Changed key "commands.banip.failed" from "Nothing changed, that IP is already banned" to "Nothing changed. That IP is already banned".
		Changed key "commands.ban.failed" from "Nothing changed, the player is already banned" to "Nothing changed. The player is already banned".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.players.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, those players are already on the bossbar with nobody to add or remove" to "Nothing changed. Those players are already on the bossbar with nobody to add or remove".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.name.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, that's already the name of this bossbar" to "Nothing changed. That's already the name of this bossbar".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.color.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, that's already the color of this bossbar" to "Nothing changed. That's already the color of this bossbar".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.style.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, that's already the style of this bossbar" to "Nothing changed. That's already the style of this bossbar".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.value.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, that's already the value of this bossbar" to "Nothing changed. That's already the value of this bossbar".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.max.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, that's already the max of this bossbar" to "Nothing changed. That's already the max of this bossbar".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.visibility.unchanged.hidden" from "Nothing changed, the bossbar is already hidden" to "Nothing changed. The bossbar is already hidden".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.set.visibility.unchanged.visible" from "Nothing changed, the bossbar is already visible" to "Nothing changed. The bossbar is already visible".
		Changed key "commands.deop.failed" from "Nothing changed, the player is not an operator" to "Nothing changed. The player is not an operator".
		Changed key "commands.enchant.failed" from "Nothing happened, targets either have no item in their hand or the enchantment could not be applied" to "Nothing changed. Targets either have no item in their hands or the enchantment could not be applied".
		Changed key "commands.experience.set.points.invalid" from "Cannot set experience points above the maximum points for the players current level" to "Cannot set experience points above the maximum points for the player's current level".
		Changed key "commands.op.failed" from "Nothing changed, the player is already an operator" to "Nothing changed. The player already is an operator".
		Changed key "commands.pardon.failed" from "Nothing changed, the player isn't banned" to "Nothing changed. The player isn't banned".
		Changed key "commands.pardonip.failed" from "Nothing changed, that ip isn't banned" to "Nothing changed. That IP isn't banned".
		Changed key "commands.particle.failed" from "The particle was not visible for anybody." to "The particle was not visible for anybody".
		Changed key "commands.playsound.failed" from "The sound is too far away to be heard." to "The sound is too far away to be heard".
		Changed key "commands.recipe.give.failed" from "No new recipes were learnt" to "No new recipes were learned".
		Changed key "commands.save.alreadyOff" from "Saving is already turned off." to "Saving is already turned off".
		Changed key "commands.save.alreadyOn" from "Saving is already turned on." to "Saving is already turned on".
		Changed key "commands.scoreboard.objectives.display.alreadyEmpty" from "Nothing changed, that display slot is already empty" to "Nothing changed. That display slot is already empty".
		Changed key "commands.scoreboard.objectives.display.alreadySet" from "Nothing changed, that display slot is already showing that objective" to "Nothing changed. That display slot is already showing that objective".
		Changed key "commands.scoreboard.players.enable.failed" from "Nothing changed, that trigger is already enabled" to "Nothing changed. That trigger is already enabled".
		Changed key "commands.team.empty.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, that team is already empty" to "Nothing changed. That team is already empty".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.color.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, that team already has that color" to "Nothing changed. That team already has that color".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.friendlyfire.alreadyEnabled" from "Nothing changed, friendly fire is already enabled for that team" to "Nothing changed. Friendly fire is already enabled for that team".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.friendlyfire.alreadyDisabled" from "Nothing changed, friendly fire is already disabled for that team" to "Nothing changed. Friendly fire is already disabled for that team".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.seeFriendlyInvisibles.alreadyEnabled" from "Nothing changed, that team can already see invisible teammates" to "Nothing changed. That team can already see invisible teammates".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.seeFriendlyInvisibles.alreadyDisabled" from "Nothing changed, that team can already not see invisible teammates" to "Nothing changed. That team already can't see invisible teammates".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.nametagVisibility.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, nametag visibility is already that value" to "Nothing changed. Nametag visibility is already that value".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.deathMessageVisibility.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, death message visibility is already that value" to "Nothing changed. Death message visibility is already that value".
		Changed key "commands.team.option.collisionRule.unchanged" from "Nothing changed, collision rule is already that value" to "Nothing changed. Collision rule is already that value".
		Changed key "commands.worldborder.center.failed" from "Nothing changed, the world border is already centered there" to "Nothing changed. The world border is already centered there".
		Changed key "commands.worldborder.set.failed.nochange" from "Nothing changed, the world border is already that size" to "Nothing changed. The world border is already that size".
		Changed key "commands.worldborder.set.failed.small." from "World border cannot be smaller than 1 blocks wide" to "World border cannot be smaller than 1 block wide".
		Changed key "commands.worldborder.warning.time.failed" from "Nothing changed, the world border warning is already that amount of time" to "Nothing changed. The world border warning is already that amount of time".
		Changed key "commands.worldborder.warning.distance.failed" from "Nothing changed, the world border warning is already that distance" to "Nothing changed. The world border warning is already that distance".
		Changed key "commands.worldborder.damage.buffer.failed" from "Nothing changed, the world border damage buffer is already that distance" to "Nothing changed. The world border damage buffer is already that distance".
		Changed key "commands.worldborder.damage.amount.failed" from "Nothing changed, the world border damage is already that amount" to "Nothing changed. The world border damage is already that amount".
		Changed key "commands.data.merge.failed" from "Nothing changed!" to "Nothing changed, the specified properties already have these values".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.create.failed" from "A bossbar already exists with the id '%s'" to "A bossbar already exists with the ID '%s'".
		Changed key "commands.bossbar.unknown" from "No bossbar exists with the id '%s'" to "No bossbar exists with the ID '%s'".
		Changed key "commands.difficulty.failure" from "The difficulty did not change, it is already set to %s" to "The difficulty did not change; it is already set to %s".
		Changed key "commands.scoreboard.players.get.null" from "Can't get value of %s for %s, none is set" to "Can't get value of %s for %s; none is set".
		Changed key "commands.data.get.invalid" from "Can't get %s, only numeric tags are allowed" to "Can't get %s; only numeric tags are allowed".
		Changed key "commands.data.get.unknown" from "Can't get %s, tag doesn't exist" to "Can't get %s; tag doesn't exist".
		Changed key "parsing.quote.escape" from "Invalid escape sequence '\%s' in quoted string)" to "Invalid escape sequence '\%s' in quoted string".
		Changed key "parsing.bool.invalid" from "Invalid bool, expected true or false but found '%s'" to "Invalid boolean, expected 'true' or 'false' but found '%s'".
		Changed key "parsing.bool.expected" from "Expected bool" to "Expected boolean".
		Added key "block.minecraft.stripped_oak_bark": "Stripped Oak Bark".
		Added key "block.minecraft.stripped_spruce_bark": "Stripped Spruce Bark".
		Added key "block.minecraft.stripped_birch_bark": "Stripped Birch Bark".
		Added key "block.minecraft.stripped_jungle_bark": "Stripped Jungle Bark".
		Added key "block.minecraft.stripped_acacia_bark": "Stripped Acacia Bark".
		Added key "block.minecraft.stripped_dark_oak_bark": "Stripped Dark Oak Bark".