Difference of "language" between "13w47e" (snapshot of "1.7.4") and "13w48a" (snapshot of "1.7.4").

Changed resource pack "minecraft":
	Changed file "en_US.lang":
		Total key: 1681 (+9, -0)
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.notOnline" to "stream.unavailable.failed_auth".
		Changed key "stream.unavailable.failed_auth" from "You cannot broadcast to Twitch whilst you are playing offline. Please go online and restart Minecraft." to "Authentication to Twitch failed. Please go to mojang.com and rebind your Twitch account.".
		Changed key "stream.unavailable.unknown" from "Unfortunately you cannot broadcast to Twitch at this time. This may mean that your computer cannot support streaming, but it may also be that Twitch is unavailable right now. Please try again later!" to "Unfortunately you cannot broadcast to Twitch at this time. And we don't know why :'(".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.notLoggedIn" to "stream.unavailable.account_not_bound".
		Changed key "stream.unavailable.account_not_bound" from "Before you can broadcast Minecraft through Twitch, you will need to link your Twitch account on mojang.com. Would you like to go do that now?" to "Before you can broadcast Minecraft through Twitch, you will need to link your Twitch account on mojang.com. Would you like to do that now?".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.notLoggedIn.okay" to "stream.unavailable.account_not_bound.okay".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.initializationFailure" to "stream.unavailable.library_failure".
		Changed key "stream.unavailable.library_failure" from "Unfortunately your computer does not support the integrated Twitch broadcasting service." to "Unable to load the libraries needed for the integrated Twitch broadcasting service.".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.initializationFailure.extra" to "stream.unavailable.initialization_failure.extra".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.notSupported.other" to "stream.unavailable.not_supported.other".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.notSupported.mac" to "stream.unavailable.not_supported.mac".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.notSupported.mac.okay" to "stream.unavailable.not_supported.mac.okay".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.noFbo" to "stream.unavailable.no_fbo".
		Changed key "stream.unavailable.no_fbo" from "Your videocard needs to support at least OpenGL version 1.5 to use the integrated Twitch broadcasting." to "Your video card needs to support at least OpenGL version 3.0 or support Framebuffer Objects via an extension to use the integrated Twitch broadcasting.".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.noFbo.extra" to "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.version".
		Moved key from "stream.unavailable.archMismatch" to "stream.unavailable.library_arch_mismatch".
		Added key "key.fullscreen": "Toggle Fullscreen".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.report_to_mojang": "Report to Mojang".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.failed_auth.okay": "Rebind Accounts".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.failed_auth_error": "Unable to authenticate to Twitch. Please try again later.".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.initialization_failure": "Unable to initialize the Twitch SDK.".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.blend": "Separate blending support via EXT is: %s".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.arb": "Framebuffer object support via ARB is: %s".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.ext": "Framebuffer object support via EXT is: %s".
		Added key "stream.unavailable.not_supported.windows": "Unfortunately the integrated Twitch broadcasting requires a newer version of Windows than you are on. You must have at least Windows Vista or newer.".