Difference of "languages_contents" between "1.16.20.53" (beta of "1.16.20") and "1.16.20.54" (beta of "1.16.20").

Changed language "cs_CZ.lang":
	Changed pack "core":
		Total key: 8276 (+2, -0)
		Added key "controller.buttonTip.clearRecipe": "Clear Recipe".
		Added key "controller.buttonTip.deselectRecipe": "Deselect Recipe".
		Changed key "dr.categories.back_item" from "Zadní položka" to "Zadní doplňky".
		Changed key "dr.categories.face_item" from "Přední položka" to "Doplňky na tvář".
Changed language "en_US.lang":
	Changed pack "core":
		Total key: 8302 (+26, -0)
		Added key "options.dev_sunset_overrides": "Enable sunset overrides".
		Added key "options.dev_sunset_status": "Treat device as fully sunset".
		Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier": "Sunsetting Tier".
		Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.not_pending": "Not Pending".
		Added key "options.dev_sunsetting_tier.one": "Tier 1".
		Added key "options.viewSubscriptions.deviceSunset": "Your version cannot access Realms".
		Added key "options.viewSubscriptions.deviceSunsetting": "Your version may soon not access Realms".
		Added key "playscreen.realmsWarning.moreinfo": "More info".
		Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.friendsTab": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
		Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.friendsTab.pending": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
		Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.serverTab": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
		Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.serverTab.pending": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
		Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.worldTab": "Your version may not connect to multiplayer".
		Added key "sunsetting.banner.play.worldTab.pending": "Your version may soon not connect to multiplayer".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.dontshow": "Don't show this again".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo": "More Info".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.moreInfo.gearVR": "For more information, please visit https://aka.ms/MinecraftSunsetting in any web browser.".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.dx10": "Our ability to support this graphics device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device.".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.gearvr_win10": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). However you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device.".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.pendingSunset.ios_android": "Our ability to support this device is coming to an end. You will continue to receive updates until the fall, whereupon you will receive your final update for this device. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience. %sAfter you receive the final update, you will still be able to play on your worlds, and access Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins). Realms managed from this device will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device.".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.dx10": "This graphics device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support.".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.gearvr_win10": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available.  However, you will no longer have access to multiplayer or Realms from this device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play with devices which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers.".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.sunset.ios_android": "This device is no longer supported. You have received the final update for this device. From this point on you can keep building in your worlds, and your Marketplace purchases (including Minecoins) will continue to be available. Your Realms will continue to work unless they are updated by the Realm owner on a different device. You will no longer receive the latest updates, and will be unable to play multiplayer with devices or Realms which are continuing to receive updates. You will also not be able to connect to certain servers. %sClick on the button for more information, including ways to move your worlds to a new device. We know this is an inconvenience, and deeply appreciate the time you spent with our game, and your support.".
		Added key "sunsetting.popup.title": "This device is no longer supported.".
		Added key "sunsetting.store.incompatible": "Incompatible".
		Added key "sunsetting.store.incompatiblePopup": "This content is not compatible with your device. Check https://aka.ms/MinecraftSunsetting".
Changed language "fi_FI.lang":
	Changed pack "core":
		Total key: 8276 (+2, -0)
		Added key "controller.buttonTip.clearRecipe": "Clear Recipe".
		Added key "controller.buttonTip.deselectRecipe": "Deselect Recipe".
		Changed key "dr.emotes.play_again" from "Pelaa uudelleen" to "Toista uudelleen".
		Changed key "entity.squid.name" from "Mustekala" to "Kalmari".
		Changed key "howtoplay.dyes.text.8" from "-Kerää mustekalojen mustepusseja saadaksesi mustaa väriainetta" to "-Kerää kalmarien mustepusseja saadaksesi mustaa väriainetta".
		Changed key "item.spawn_egg.entity.squid.name" from "Luo mustekala" to "Luo kalmari".
Changed language "zh_CN.lang":
	Changed pack "core":
		Total key: 8276 (+2, -0)
		Changed key "achievement.alternativeFuel.desc" from "用一个海带区块给熔炉供能" to "用一个海带方块给熔炉供能".
		Changed key "commandBlock.genericName" from "命令块" to "命令方块".
		Changed key "commandBlockScreen.title" from "命令块" to "命令方块".
		Changed key "commands.gettopsolidblock.description" from "会获得特定位置下方的顶部非空气区块的位置" to "会获得特定位置下方的顶部非空气方块的位置".
		Changed key "commands.gettopsolidblock.notfound" from "特定位置下方没有固体区块" to "特定位置下方没有固体方块".
		Added key "controller.buttonTip.clearRecipe": "Clear Recipe".
		Added key "controller.buttonTip.deselectRecipe": "Deselect Recipe".
		Changed key "dr.header.customization" from "角色创建者" to "角色创建器".
		Changed key "dr.notification.to_persona" from "正在切换至角色创建者" to "正在切换至角色创建器".
		Changed key "enchantment.crossbowQuickCharge" from "快速冲锋" to "快速装填".
		Changed key "enchantment.mending" from "正在治愈" to "经验修补".
		Changed key "entity.command_block_minecart.name" from "带命令块的矿车" to "带命令方块的矿车".
		Changed key "entity.elder_guardian.name" from "老守卫者" to "远古守卫者".
		Changed key "howtoplay.conduits" from "导管" to "潮涌核心".
		Changed key "howtoplay.conduits.text.1" from "当您处于水下时，处于激活状态的导管会给您提供能量。" to "当您处于水下时，处于激活状态的潮涌核心会给您提供能量。".
		Changed key "howtoplay.conduits.text.2" from "一根导管由若干鹦鹉螺壳和一枚海洋之心制成。导管会从海晶石和海晶灯中吸取能量。" to "一根潮涌核心由若干鹦鹉螺壳和一枚海洋之心制成。潮涌核心会从海晶石和海晶灯中吸取能量。".
		Changed key "howtoplay.conduits.text.3" from "一旦被激活，导管会将导管能量赋予给附近的任何物体。" to "一旦被激活，潮涌核心会将潮涌核心能量赋予给附近的任何物体。".
		Changed key "howtoplay.conduits.title" from "游戏指南：导管" to "游戏指南：潮涌核心".
		Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.header.6" from "结构虚空方块" to "结构空位方块".
		Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.13" from "当一个带有结构虚空方块的结构被加载到世界中时，结构虚空方块加载目的地上的任何原本可能被移除的方块将会转而留在该世界中。" to "当一个带有结构空位方块的结构被加载到世界中时，结构空位方块加载目的地上的任何原本可能被移除的方块将会转而留在该世界中。".
		Changed key "howtoplay.structureBlocks.text.14" from "举例：在把一艘空的沉船加载到海底时，通常会在水方块上方复制空气。如果沉船充满了结构虚空，那么水就会留下来，您就会获得一个充满水的沉船了。" to "举例：在把一艘空的沉船加载到海底时，通常会在水方块上方复制空气。如果沉船充满了结构空位，那么水就会留下来，您就会获得一个充满水的沉船了。".
		Changed key "item.command_block_minecart.name" from "带有命令块的《我的世界》" to "带命令方块的矿车".
		Changed key "item.spawn_egg.entity.elder_guardian.name" from "生成老守卫者" to "生成远古守卫者".
		Changed key "item.tipped_arrow.name" from "锐箭" to "药箭".
		Changed key "itemGroup.name.coral" from "珊瑚区块" to "珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "itemGroup.name.record" from "记录" to "唱片".
		Changed key "potion.conduitPower" from "导管能量" to "潮涌核心能量".
		Changed key "tile.chain_command_block.name" from "链命令块" to "链命令方块".
		Changed key "tile.command_block.name" from "命令块" to "命令方块".
		Changed key "tile.conduit.name" from "导管" to "潮涌核心".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.blue.name" from "管珊瑚区块" to "管珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.blue_dead.name" from "死亡管珊瑚区块" to "死亡管珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.pink.name" from "脑珊瑚区块" to "脑珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.pink_dead.name" from "死亡脑珊瑚区块" to "死亡脑珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.purple.name" from "泡珊瑚区块" to "泡珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.purple_dead.name" from "死亡泡珊瑚区块" to "死亡泡珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.red.name" from "火珊瑚区块" to "火珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.red_dead.name" from "死亡火珊瑚区块" to "死亡火珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.yellow.name" from "角珊瑚区块" to "角珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.yellow_dead.name" from "死亡角珊瑚区块" to "死亡角珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.dried_kelp_block.name" from "干海带区块" to "干海带方块".
		Changed key "tile.end_rod.name" from "末地棒" to "末地烛".
		Changed key "tile.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.name" from "重力压力板（重型）" to "测重压力板（重型）".
		Changed key "tile.jigsaw.name" from "线锯方块" to "拼图方块".
		Changed key "tile.leaves.big_oak.name" from "深色像树叶" to "深色橡树叶".
		Changed key "tile.leaves2.big_oak.name" from "深色像树叶" to "深色橡树叶".
		Changed key "tile.light_block.name" from "光明方块" to "光源方块".
		Changed key "tile.light_weighted_pressure_plate.name" from "重力压力板（轻型）" to "测重压力板（轻型）".
		Changed key "tile.observer.name" from "观察者" to "侦测器".
		Changed key "tile.repeating_command_block.name" from "重复命令块" to "重复命令方块".
		Changed key "tile.structure_void.name" from "建筑空隙" to "结构空位".
		Changed key "tipped_arrow.effect.awkward" from "锐箭" to "药箭".
		Changed key "tipped_arrow.effect.empty" from "锐箭" to "药箭".
		Changed key "tipped_arrow.effect.mundane" from "锐箭" to "药箭".
		Changed key "tipped_arrow.effect.thick" from "锐箭" to "药箭".
	Changed pack "education":
		Changed key "authentication.pleaseSignIn" from "您必须先登录至学校账户，才能探索《Minecraft 教育版》。" to "您必须先登录至学校账户，才能探索 Minecraft: Education Edition。".
		Changed key "authentication.store.intro" from "您的《Minecraft 教育版》尝试探索机会已用完。您需要购买许可，才能继续使用《Minecraft 教育版》。" to "您的 Minecraft: Education Edition 尝试探索机会已用完。您需要购买许可，才能继续使用 Minecraft: Education Edition。".
		Changed key "authentication.trialEnded" from "您的《Minecraft 教育版》尝试探索机会已用完。您的学校需要购买许可，您才能继续探索《Minecraft 教育版》。谢谢！" to "您的 Minecraft: Education Edition 尝试探索机会已用完。您的学校需要购买许可，您才能继续探索 Minecraft: Education Edition。谢谢！".
		Changed key "authentication.trialMessageTitle" from "《Minecraft 教育版》免费尝试探索" to "Minecraft: Education Edition 免费尝试探索".
		Changed key "authentication.trialWarning" from "在此期间过后，您有 %d 次《Minecraft 教育版》尝试探索机会。用完这些尝试探索机会后，您的学校需要购买许可。谢谢！" to "在此期间过后，您有 %d 次 Minecraft: Education Edition 尝试探索机会。用完这些尝试探索机会后，您的学校需要购买许可。谢谢！".
		Changed key "authentication.trialWelcome" from "欢迎！在您的学校需要购买许可之前，您有 %d 次《Minecraft 教育版》尝试探索机会。每次打开《Minecraft 教育版》，都会使用一次尝试探索机会。请尽情享用！" to "欢迎！在您的学校需要购买许可之前，您有 %d 次 Minecraft: Education Edition 尝试探索机会。每次打开 Minecraft: Education Edition，都会使用一次尝试探索机会。请尽情享用！".
		Changed key "howtoplay.conduits.title" from "帮助：导管" to "帮助：潮涌核心".
		Changed key "howtoplay.permissionBlocks.text.1" from "《Minecraft 教育版》包含数个特殊的块，这些块可让教师更便捷地创建和使用课程。只有拥有世界建造者能力的用户才能放置和摧毁这些块。没有世界建造者能力的用户会受到这些块施加的限制约束。" to "Minecraft: Education Edition 包含数个特殊的块，这些块可让教师更便捷地创建和使用课程。只有拥有世界建造者能力的用户才能放置和摧毁这些块。没有世界建造者能力的用户会受到这些块施加的限制约束。".
		Changed key "howtoplay.worldBuilder.text.1" from "若要放置或使用特定的《Minecraft 教育版》方块或物品，用户必须拥有一种名为世界建造者的特殊能力。" to "若要放置或使用特定的 Minecraft: Education Edition 方块或物品，用户必须拥有一种名为世界建造者的特殊能力。".
		Changed key "options.enableEducation.message" from "会启用教育版化学功能。教育探索方法可能会破坏您的世界。如果您选择继续，我们将以 [EDU] 为开头复制您的世界。" to "会启用 Education Edition 化学功能。教育探索方法可能会破坏您的世界。如果您选择继续，我们将以 [EDU] 为开头复制您的世界。".
		Changed key "skinpack.Education" from "教育版外观" to "Education Edition 外观".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.blue_dead.name" from "枯萎的管珊瑚区块" to "枯萎的管珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.pink_dead.name" from "枯萎的脑珊瑚区块" to "枯萎的脑珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.purple_dead.name" from "枯萎的泡珊瑚区块" to "枯萎的泡珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.red_dead.name" from "枯萎的火珊瑚区块" to "枯萎的火珊瑚方块".
		Changed key "tile.coral_block.yellow_dead.name" from "枯萎的角珊瑚区块" to "枯萎的角珊瑚方块".